(The episode begins with a flash of lightning. Pops is seeing zooming through the air, away from Anti-Pops, who is in his titan form. He slams his fist down, destroying parts of the Park, but gets distracted by a yellow light flying around him. Pops squints towards the light and notices that it's a dragonfly. He flies up towards it, then catches it. He opens his hand and discovers that the dragonfly is in fact a 2B pencil. He looks at the pencil anxiously, before Anti-Pops' titan hand grabs him. Pops is just dreaming on the sofa, and awakens)

Pops: Agh!

(Mordecai and Rigby run into the living room after hearing him scream)

Mordecai: Pops! Are you okay?

Pops: Yes, just a peculiar dream is all.

Rigby: Oh yeah! I've been having weird dreams too, Pops. Like this one where Eileen shows up and she's wearing -

(Rigby looks up to Mordecai, who is giving him a visual sign to stop talking)

Rigby: - It's not important! Everybody has weird dreams!

Pops: I suppose.

Mordecai: Well, we've got something that will cheer you up. Come have a look!

(The trio enter the control room, where Benson, Skips, Eileen, Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost are all together, staring at what's outside)

Pops: (gasps)

(Lolliland, Pops' home planet is right in front of him)

Pops: It's you, old friend! All these years watching you through my telescope, and I had no idea you were my home!

Rigby: No wonder it's your favorite planet.

Pops: So beautiful up close. Isn't she marvellous?

Skips: Under normal circumstances, I'd agree.

Eileen: Yeah, don't forget what we're here for. We have to battle Anti-Pops, whose whole thing is like - erasing the universe as we know it! No big deal!

Benson: All the more reason to be ready. Let's get down there.

(The Park Dome lands on Lolliland. The gang leave the Park and see the ruins of the planet)

Muscle Man: This is where Pops came from?

Pops: I can't believe it.

Hi Five Ghost: I thought it'd be a little cleaner.

(The gang notices silhouettes appearing beyond the ruins, groaning. The gang groans in anxiety. The silhouettes are revealed to be a mushroom man and two lollipop people, one with a striking resemblance to Pops)

Frivola-Kranus: Jolly Good Show! They're here!

Mordecai: Yeah, this is definitely Pops' planet.

Pops: Oh my! They're all so welcoming! (laughs)

Frivola-Kranus: You're here! You're finally here!

Quadravi-Kranus: We've been waiting eons for this moment! 

Frivola-Kranus: Allow us to introduce ourselves! I'm Frivola-Kranus!

Quadravi-Kranus: I'm Quadravi-Kranus!

Weird Mushroom Guy: And I'm Weird Mushroom Guy!

Pops: Well, it's a pleasure to meet all of you!

Benson: Hate to invade the moment, but don't we have a battle to prepare for, or something?

Frivola-Kranus, Quadravi-Kranus & Weird Mushroom Guy: Oh, very true! Come along!

(They all walk to the coliseum)

Muscle Man: Uh, no offence bros, but why's your planet all busted?

Frivola-Kranus: This is evidence of many battles past! No fight of such a grand scale is free of collateral damage! But the guardian can tell you all about that.

(The gang approach a giant stone foot wearing sandals)

Rigby: Uhh...

Guardian: My eyes are up here!

(The whole gang look up, to see that the Guardian of Lolliland is standing there)

Guardian: I am the Guardian of Lolliland. I exist to witness the titans' battle every 14 billion years!

Pops: Excuse me! Ma'am! Might you know how I can defeat Anti-Pops?

Guardian: I do not. I have never seen the battle end in victory. Only mutually assured destruction followed by a reset of the universe. Only this planet survives to record the outcome of each encounter. Chosen one, if you wish to know more, study the ancient tapestries.

Skips: Do we even have time for that? Isn't Anti-Pops supposed to be here soon?

Guardian: There is no sign yet of the one you call "Anti-Pops". Which is odd, he's usually on time.

(The scene cuts to Anti-Pops in his ship, looking at a radar of Pops at Lolliland)

Anti-Pops: He's already at Lolliland!?

(Out of anger, Anti-Pops turns around and erases his chair out of existence, he goes to confront one of his pilots)

Anti-Pops: You! Why aren't we moving?

Pilot: Uh, well you erased half the engine, so...we're sorta stalled out, sir.

Anti-Pops: Then I'll take one of the smaller ships!

(Cut to Anti-Pops in a small ship)

Ship A.I.: Coordinates set. Destination: Lolliland.

Anti-Pops: Warp speed at ten!

(The mini-ship exists the main ship, but a space deer is seen in his way)

Anti-Pops: Huh?

(The ship crashes into the space deer, who begins to start kicking Anti-Pops constantly, then flies away)

Anti-Pops: Agh! This is why I want to end the stupid universe!

Leader Bounty Hunter: Over a space deer?

Droid Bounty Hunter: I hit a space deer once, they're way stronger than you'd think.

Anti-Pops: Quiet!

(Anti-Pops erases the Droid's chips)

Droid Bounty Hunter: No! My chips.

Anti-Pops: I need to find another way.

(Transition to the Park gang checking out the ancient tapestries)

Frivola-Kranus: Welcome to the Hall of Tapestries! Anything you want to know about the previous battles exists in these creations!

Quadravi-Kranus: They weave a very detailed history!

(The Lolliland residents laugh)

Weird Mushroom Guy: He says that one every time!

Frivola-Kranus: Still funny!

Pops: It is funny!

(Frivola-Kranus shows the gang the first tapestry)

Frivola-Kranus: Here, you can see how you came into existence! Different versions of us were born over billions of years, never quite right! Until you! Mega-Kranus!

Pops: That's my name?

Mordecai & Rigby: (laughs) Mega-Kranus.

Frivola-Kranus: Yes! You are the ultimate creation! However, when you were created, the universe had to balance itself. Hence, Malum-Kranus was born!

Rigby: Oh! Malum-Kranus!

(Rigby whispers to Eileen)

Rigby: Malum means bad, right? 

Frivola-Kranus: Here, you'll see tapestries that show every clash over the millennia.

Hi Five Ghost: Kinda looks like they were fighting with pole noodles in this one.

Frivola-Kranus: Oh yes, that was a fun one.

Eileen: Wait guys, look!

(Eileen points to a tapestry which shows the other Park members holding weapons while in armor)

Muscle Man: Does that kinda look like us?

Weird Mushroom Guy: Yes. Everything that's happening now has happened before.

Mordecai: Everything?

Weird Mushroom Guy: Everything.

(He points to a tapestry showing Mordecai asking the same question)

Weird Mushroom Guy: Each battle ends in a draw, with two fists colliding, resetting the universe and ending in rebirth.

Muscle Man: Uh, hate to be a downer, but this sounds kinda...

Hi Five Ghost: Futile?

Benson: I mean, this has been happening for billions and billions of years. How are we gonna buck the odds?

(Mordecai walks over to get a closer look at the tapestries)

Skips: This doesn't look good...

(Mordecai notices a pattern between all of the tapestries)

Mordecai: (gasps)

Rigby: Dude, you got an idea?

Mordecai: Yes.

(Cut to inside the coliseum)

Mordecai: Okay, every battle starts in this coliseum, with Pops on this side, and Anti-Pops on that side. We know where he's gonna be! We can catch him off guard with some traps. If we wanna win, the only choice we have is to change things up!

Benson: That's not a terrible idea.

Muscle Man: This is like pranking the most evil guy ever! Consider the Master Prankster in!

Pops: Oh, a sneak attack? That doesn't seem very sporting.

Eileen: It's true this plan doesn't seem fair, but I think it's our best bet!

Pops: You too, Eileen?

Eileen: I know how it sounds, but everyone and everything we know and love is on the line here!

Mordecai: It's up to you, Pops. If you wanna keep doing this the way it's always been done, that's your choice. You're the chosen one.

(Pops takes a moment to silently think about his decision)

Pops: Okay, let's do it.

Rigby: Traps! Traps! Traps! Traps!

Hi Five Ghost: He already said we'd do it.

(A montage begins. Muscle Man unveils a plan he has composed for trapping Anti-Pops. Mordecai and Rigby both dig soil parallel to each other. Skips sharpens wood to make spikes. Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost both pull a rope to set up a catapult, in which Pops uses his telekinesis to lift rocks into. Pops also forms a rocket out of thin air, as HFG creates flaming arrows. Pops rebuilds a crashed train which was beyond the ruins. Benson ticks everything off, as Pops hides the traps with rocks. Everybody celebrates, as we cut to Anti-Pops checking his phone for his taxi driver, Gilfoyle, to arrive. The driver arrives and beeps his horn) 

Gilfoyle: 'Sup, you Malum-Kranus?

Anti-Pops: Took you long enough.

(The Bounty Hunters enter the vehicle, leaving no space for Anti-Pops)

Anti-Pops: What is this? There's not enough room!

Gilfoyle: Always room in the front! Come sit up here with me, bro!

Anti-Pops: I'm not doing that. Gruff! You sit upfront.

Gruff: Aw man, I don't wanna.

Anti-Pops: (roars)

Gruff: Uh, yes sir!

(Gruff sits in the front, as Anti-Pops sits in the back)

Anti-Pops: Floor it!

Gilfoyle: I hate to tell you, traffic's backed up all up and down the 405 galaxy! Oh hey, do you want waters or snacks? They're in the side door back there!

Anti-Pops: I don't wanna hear it, just go!

(The Droid Bounty Hunter picks up a bag of chips from the side door)

Gilfoyle: Hey, how's the music? The volume okay?

Anti-Pops: Silence!

Gilfoyle: (laughs) I don't really like this music either.

(He turns the music off)

Gilfoyle: Yeah, I've been doing this for about six years, but this isn't like my main gig. DJing's what gets me out of bed! Oh, hey. If you ever need someone to spend an apartment with-

Anti-Pops: Aagh!!

(Cut to the coliseum)

Guardian: Anti-Pops draws near.

(Anti-Pops arrives at the coliseum, the lights turn off and spotlights shine towards Anti-Pops' corner)

Anti-Pops: And in this corner of the ring, the ferocious fighter! The erratic eraser! You love him! You love to hate him! Malum-Kranus!

(The lights switch on as Anti-Pops and his army walk up to the Park gang, stepping right in behind their tripwire)

Anti-Pops: Pops, I'm surprised you're still standing after our last showdown! But don't worry, I'll make sure that doesn't happen this time.

Pops: It doesn't have to end this way! Please, can't we settle this peacefully?

Anti-Pops: Peacefully? (laughs) Peace doesn't interest me! I won't be satisfied until the universe has come to an end by my hand! Now, let's get on with it.

Guardian: It is time. The titans have gathered in the coliseum, and now as is tradition, the ancient Lolliland anthem will be performed.

(The Lolliland residents clap, as a young lollipop boy, Eggum Kranus, walks into the coliseum)

Guardian: This year, sung by local boy, Eggum-Kranus!

Eggum-Kranus: (clears throat) Oh Lolliland, Oh Lolliland, our ball of beautiful dust. Her people strong, tall nine miles long with hearts that you can trust. Despite the titan battles, she stands through thick and thin. Oh Lolliland, Oh Lolliland, may good or evil win.

(Anti-Pops gets into a fighting stance, but the song's not over)

Eggum-Kranus: Oh Lolliland! Come on and take me to the promised land!

Anti-Pops: Enough! This battle starts now!

(Anti-Pops trips over the tripwire, activating the traps)

Anti-Pops: Oh no.

(Two spiked plates come out of the ground and crush Anti-Pops)

Benson: Now!

(Hi Five Ghost sets the flaming arrows on fire, and fires them towards the conjoined spike plates. Mordecai and Rigby unveil the catapult, which Skips activates by cutting some rope. The rocks surround the burning conjoined spike plates. Muscle Man presses a button, signalling a missile to come along and blow up the rock-surrounded burning conjoined spike plates. Eileen then presses a button which causes the Park Dome to fly into the air and shoot lasers towards the wreckage. Pops uses his telekinesis to throw a train on top too. Everyone stares)

Mordecai: I think...we did it!

Rigby: Wait.

(Rigby pats himself, then the ground)

Rigby: Universe is still here!

(Everybody cheers)

Muscle Man: Put that in the tapestry, son!

Weaver: Right away, sir!

Everyone: OOHHH!!

(They all hear Anti-Pops giggle offscreen, and look into his direction. He floats from behind the wreckage)

Anti-Pops: (laughs) That tickled.

Everyone: (screams)

Anti-Pops: (laughs)

Mordecai: Dude, I can't believe he's alive!

Rigby: Yeah, no one could survive that!

Mordecai: Huh, do you ever think about how many people we've seen probably die?

Rigby: Yeah, I'm sure they're all fine.

(Pops walks up to Anti-Pops)

Pops: Oh. Surely there's still time to settle this like gentlemen.

Anti-Pops: Ha! Tell you what, Pops. I'll make you a gentlemanly deal. You and I fight one on one, just you and me. If you knock me down, the universe is safe. You go home, and everything is...regular again. But if I knock you down...I destroy the universe! How's that for gentlemanly?

Pops: Very well. I accept your terms.

Anti-Pops: (laughs)

(The Park crew are nervous and walk off including Anti-Pops' army. Pops takes off his shirt and we see his six-pack. Anti-Pops takes his shirt off, revealing a twenty-four-pack. Muscle Man counts his abs.)

Eileen: Ew, that's not for me.

Muscle Man: 10, 11, 12...That's a twenty-four-pack, bro!

(Pops and Anti-Pops both get into a fighting stance. They stare at each other for some time, before Anti-Pops growls, leading to him to making the first punch. He hits Pops multiple times, causing Pops to become slightly unstable)

Mordecai & Rigby: Pops!

Skips: No! This is his fight!

(Pops and Anti-Pops fight each other)

Anti-Pops: Your technique is impressive, but you won't win this time!

(Anti-Pops fires telekinesis beams out of his hand towards Pops, who quickly jumps, causing it to take some rubble from a wall, he throws the rubble towards Pops, who quickly builds a brick wall to shield him. The rubble shatters into pieces. Anti-Pops throws the train which was used against him towards Pops, causing Pops to form a train track, for the train to go up and deflect towards Anti-Pops. Anti-Pops erases the train, and fires more beams towards Pops, breaking his brick wall, but Pops dodges each of them while floating in mid-air. Anti-Pops decides to float as well, and starts attacking Pops. He grabs Pops by the leg and throws him across the coliseum. He picks up a piece of Pops' broken wall and throws it towards him. Pops turns the wall into a flutter of butterflies, which Anti-Pops turns into a spiked wrecking ball, which zooms towards Pops, who dodges it, and turns it into a large steamboat, which collapses onto Anti-Pops, knocking him to the ground)

Anti-Pops: Ugh. (he is slightly injured)

Mordecai: Pops knocked him over! The universe is safe!

(Everybody celebrates, as Pops goes to make a truce with his brother)

Pops: It was an arduous battle, and though we had our-

Anti-Pops: Fire!

(The Bounty Hunters fire towards the Park crew, as Anti-Pops erases the steamboat and kicks Pops to the ground)

Everyone: Pops!

(The Park Crew hide behind a rock)

Pops: But I knocked you over! We made a gentlemanly deal!

Anti-Pops: A deal is only as good as the man who makes it!

(Everybody hears a noise coming from outside the coliseum, as well as a yellow light)

Anti-Pops: Huh?

(Streaming lands outside the coliseum)

Streaming: You thought you could get away from me, Discmasters, but everyone streams eventually!

Benson: Oh great, streaming's here now?

(Streaming and his army enter the coliseum)

Anti-Pops: Oh good, some extra help! The more, the merrier.

(Anti-Pops goes to kick Pops, but he dodges and jumps up to punch Anti-Pops, they continue their fight, as Streaming looks over the Discmasters)

Mordecai: Dude, let's go!

(Mordecai and Rigby run off)

Benson: Hey! Where are you going?!

Mordecai & Rigby: Trust us!

Benson: (annoyed) Ugh.

(Skips passes Benson a laser gun, and they both start firing while taking cover behind a rock, shooting the Droid Bounty Hunter's gun out of its hand. The Reptilian Bounty Hunter nearly hits Muscle Man, causing him to look up to the Guardian of Lolliland)

Muscle Man: Hey lady! You gonna help us down here or what?

Guardian: Well, I am supposed to remain neutral, but - aw heck, come on up here!

(The Guardian carries Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost onto her shoulder)

Muscle Man: Alright!

(The Guardian kicks down a side of the coliseum, kicking the rocks onto Streaming's army. She goes to wrestle Streaming. One of his minions jumps onto Benson and tries to destroy him, but Eileen kicks it off him and rapidly fires lasers into it, while screaming furiously. Mordecai and Rigby appear in their spaceships)

Mordecai: Let's bust a cap on this data!

Rigby: Aw Yeayuh!

(They both fire giant lasers from their ships towards Streaming)

Streaming: Minions! Merge with me, and let us stream like we've never strummed before!

(All of the minions merge into Streaming, making him much more powerful. He roars)

Mordecai: Streaming went from buffering to buff!

Benson: We're gonna need some more help.

(They hear HD-DVD offscreen)

HD-DVD: Mind if we join in on the fun?

(HD-DVD and Blu-ray fly into the coliseum)

Mordecai: HD-DVD and Blu-ray?!

Anti-Pops: What?! This wasn't in the tapestry!

Blu-ray: Well consider this the extended edition!

HD-DVD: And you're about to get a load of exclusive HD content!

(The Baby Ducks fly into the scene)

Rigby: Baby ducks!

Baby Duck: What's up, dudes?

(Behind them, is Chance Sureshot, Toothpick Sally, and Recap Robot in their ship)

Recap: Greetings, dudes!

Sureshot: Told you we'd meet up with you!

Rigby: Sureshot?

Mordecai: We thought you died!

Sureshot: Not before I cloned myself! I got a whole bunch of backup clones! Sure-enough-shot, Sure-whatever-shot, Close-enough-shot!

Sally: As long as none of them are poor shots!

Sureshot: Not this clone!

(Sureshot fires a laser towards Anti-Pops' army, nearly hitting Gruff)

Gruff: How many reinforcements do these guys have?

(Gary and the Guardians of Eternal Youth show up in Gary's car, followed by Carter and Briggs in their police cruiser, and Death on his bike)

Droid Bounty Hunter: Oh no!

Death: You blokes weren't gonna end the universe without me, were you?

Reginald: We'll give Anti-Pops something to really cry about!

Carter and Briggs: Aw y-y-y-y-yeah!

(Party Horse 42699 shows up in his pod)

Party Horse: End of the universe party, whoop!

(The baby ducks fly to the ground)

Baby Duck: Baby ducks assemble!

(The baby ducks morph into Hyperduck, this time forming an alliance with Benson, Eileen, Skips, the Giant Babies, Gary, Carter and Briggs, Death, and Party Horse. Everybody observes the transformation, which adds the Fists of Justice, Death's bike wheel and engine, Carter and Briggs' police cruiser, Gary's synthesizer and Party Horse's 3003 glasses)

Reptilian Bounty Hunter: (in their own language) Should we take them out while their still transforming?

Gruff: Nah, I wanna see what their final form looks like.

(Hyperduck's final form is revealed, transmitting Skips and Eileen above the 3003 glasses and Benson's head on top of the cap)

Benson: Oh, come on!

(Everybody else is transmitted to an unknown location inside of Hyperduck. One of the Giant Babies is late)

Oswald: Excuse me! Sorry!

(Hyperduck lands on the ground)

Gruff: Agh! Back to the ship!

(The Bounty Hunters run off, as Streaming faces Hyperduck, and Skips & Eileen T-pose)

Eileen: Everybody! Follow our lead!

(Streaming charges towards Hyperduck)

Skips: All you, Death!

Death: Oh, I'm gonna enjoy this.

(Death summons a giant discoball scythe, but Streaming attacks Hyperduck)

Death: Death ain't dying today!

(Death forces Streaming to the ground, then cuts him. Everyone cheers, but Streaming quickly teleports behind Hyperduck. Carter and Briggs prepare to attack)

Carter and Briggs: Resistance!

(They punch Streaming, who teleports again)

Eileen: Break it down, Party Horse!

Party Horse: Whoo! Get ready for some killer moves!

(Party Horse starts breakdancing to attack Streaming, he then jumps upside down and spins, which crushes Benson's head into the ground while spinning)

Benson: I hate breakdancing!

(Meanwhile, Pops gets knocked down by Anti-Pops, and nearly rolls off the edge of the coliseum, but manages to stay upright. The Bounty Hunters are firing lasers from their cab towards Rigby, who attempts to dodge them while screaming, while the Bounty Hunters laugh)

Gilfoyle: Uh, I still get a five-star rating for doing this, right?

Gruff: No way out this time, dweeb!

(Gruff fires a laser, and it hits Rigby)

Rigby: I'm hit!

(Rigby is ejected from his ship, and falls down to the ground, screaming, but is luckily caught by Mordecai in his ship)

Mordecai: Hmph, hmph. Nice of you to drop in, dude!

Mordecai & Rigby: OOOHHHH!!!

Gruff: No way!

(Sureshot fires a laser into the Bounty Hunters' cab)

Sureshot: Yahoo!

(The cab crashes into the Guardian of Lolliland's arm, causing an explosion, killing the Bounty Hunters and Gilfoyle)

Guardian: Ow.

(Meanwhile, Streaming wraps his wires around Hyperduck's wrists)

Streaming: (laughs)

(Everybody inside Hyperduck screams)

Skips: Gary! You know what to do!

(Gary uses his Synthos Powers to power up his synthesizer and fire a massive soundwave beam towards Streaming. Everyone celebrates. Streaming is in a critical condition)

Blu-ray: Let's delete this scene!

HD-DVD and Blu-ray: 5.1 Surround Shockwave!

(The siblings fire a shockwave towards Streaming, blasting him across the coliseum, the Guardian of Lolliland slams her elbow onto him)

Guardian: Elbow drop!

(Muscle Man swings his shirt around)

Muscle Man: Whoo!

Hi Five Ghost: Haha, yeah!

(The Lollipop Residents observe)

Frivola-Kranus: Good battle! Jolly good battle!

(Meanwhile, Pops knocks Anti-Pops off of the coliseum, Pops looks over the edge to see if he's gone)

Pops: Huh?

(Suddenly, Anti-Pops' titan form emerges from the outside of the coliseum. He is massive in comparison to everybody else. He fires his Erasing Beam onto Lolliland, which is now much more powerful)

Anti-Pops: (laughs)

(Anti-Pops erases Weird Mushroom Guy, Quadravi-Kranus and Frivola-Kranus from existence, followed by the Guardian of Lolliland. Muscle Man jumps off her shoulder with Hi Five Ghost)

Muscle Man: (squeals)

Anti-Pops: (laughs)

(The Erasing Beam is seen getting closer to Muscle Man. The episode briefly goes into slow motion, showing that with his weight, he can't keep running for much longer. The beam reaches Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost, starting to erase them. Pops panics and fires his Protection Beam towards them. They both scream, as Anti-Pops' beam is more powerful)

Anti-Pops: (laughs) Any last words, Mitch? 

Muscle Man: (last words, before his death) You know who else grows really big to show their dominance, but is actually really small deep down? My...mom...

Hi Five Ghost: (laughs and coughs) Good one...(they high-five)

(Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost get erased from existence, everybody gasps in horror and disbelief. Pops tries to hold in his emotions, but is visibly unable to do so)

Pops: (grunts) NOOO!!!!

(Pops teleports outside of the coliseum, and emerges as his Titan variant. He faces Anti-Pops)

Anti-Pops: Give up, Pops. All your friends are going to die, and there's nothing you can do about it.

Pops: We can still resolve this, brother.

Anti-Pops: (growls) Stop calling me that!

(Anti-Pops fires his Erasing Beam towards Lolliland, and Pops fires his Protection Beam to try and save his friends, but Anti-Pops ends up erasing Chance Sureshot, Toothpick Sally and Recap Robot, who all scream)

Pops: No!

(The Erasing Beam reaches Hyperduck, erasing the Guardians of Eternal Youth, Gary, Death, Carter and Briggs, and Party Horse)

Party Horse: Agh, not cool!

(The baby ducks get erased from existence. Out of nowhere, Andy, the baby ducks' older brother appears in his spaceship)

Andy: Hey guys, sorry I'm late, just came from this hot par-

(Andy gets erased from existence. The Erasing Beam reaches Skips and Eileen, who both scream, before getting erased from existence, and then Benson, erasing all the components of Hyperduck. Mordecai and Rigby are both flying away from Lolliland, but mourning all of the losses they've just suffered)

Mordecai & Rigby: No!!!

(Pops is still attempting to save Lolliland, but Anti-Pops stops his Erasing Beam and floats up to him)

Anti-Pops: (laughs) This ends now!

(Anti-Pops kicks Pops away towards a black hole. Pops begins to get sucked in, but closes his fist and boosts himself forwards towards Anti-Pops. Anti-Pops gasps and also closes his fist, while boosting himself towards Pops)

Rigby: Dude, look!

(Mordecai looks at both their fists and realises that they're doing the same thing that they were told by the tapestry would reset the universe)

Mordecai: Oh no. Dude, the end is coming! We have to stop it! Hang on!

(Mordecai turns the ship around and starts flying it towards where Anti-Pops' and Pops' fists will collide)

Anti-Pops: Agh!

Pops: Agh!

(The ship fires lasers towards Anti-Pops' fist, but nothing happens)

Mordecai: It's not working!

Rigby: Dude, we gotta eject!

Mordecai: Not yet! We gotta fly between them!

Rigby: You're crazy!

(Mordecai and Rigby fly up in between Pops' and Anti-Pops' colliding fists)

Mordecai: Now!

(Rigby presses the Eject button, but it comes up with an error screen, and cannot eject them. Mordecai screams)

Rigby: N-n-n-n-n-n-no!

(The brothers' fists collide, causing Mordecai and Rigby to be erased from existence, and the universe to reset...)

(Part 3 begins exactly the way the first episode, The Power, did, with the same opening and title cards. Mordecai and Rigby are wrestling with a doll in their room)

Rigby: Alright, Beef Burrito. I'm gonna give you one more chance to take back what you said about my mom!

(A doll lies silently on the floor) 

Rigby: I'll kill you!

(Rigby pats his elbow and jumps onto a trampoline, body-slamming the doll. He then elbows the doll multiple times, and body slams it once more. He picks up the doll and moves its arm, making it punch himself in the face. Behind him, Mordecai is calling to him)

Mordecai: Tag up! Tag up!

(Pretending to be weakened, Rigby walks over to Mordecai and high-fives him. As Rigby drinks a soda, Mordecai pulls the doll away. Rigby slams the soda can onto the ground and lets out a ferocious roar. Mordecai sets the doll up next to a bed before walking away onto the shelves)

Rigby: What?!

(There is silence) 

Rigby: Oh, you want us to put the hurt on you?

(Mordecai grabs Rigby)

Rigby: I think he wants me to put the hurt on him!

Mordecai: I think he wants you to put the hurt on him!

Rigby: You think he wants me to put the hurt on him?!

Mordecai: Yes, I do!

(Mordecai & Rigby scream, as the latter is thrown down onto the trampoline, launching him into the wall. Suddenly, there's a slow-motion and Rigby has a sense of deja vu.)

Rigby: (in slow motion voice) Wait a minute, I think we've done this before! (screams)

(Rigby crashes into the wall, causing a large hole in the wall and Rigby in the trash can.)

Rigby: Ugh, ugh...

(Rigby removes the trash can)

Rigby: Yea-!! Hang on dude. This has happened before.

Mordecai: What? What are you talking about? No it hasn't.

Rigby: Yes it ha-!

(Rigby gasps as he has flashbacks to The Power, Hello China, The Dome Experiment, Cool Bro Bots, Space Escape, a scene where he was burying the Blu-ray box set in the ground, and shots from when Pops was fighting Anti-Pops)

Mordecai: Man, Are you okay? How hard did you hit your head?

Rigby: Medium hard, but that's not the point! We've seriously done this before!

Mordecai: I think you remember breaking a hole in the wall, We're gonna get fired for this.

Rigby: We're not gonna get fired. Not for this, Not smashing for Benson's car, or ruining everyone's Thanksgiving dinner! Not even for releasing demon in the park! (he laughs) We actually still have our jobs for like 6 years after this!

Mordecai: You're being insane. Even if you could see into the future, we'd totally get fired for all that stuff.

Rigby: I'm right, Mordecai. I can prove it.

(Cut to the outside, where Rigby is digging a hole to pull out the Blu-ray boxset)

Rigby: Here it is! The futuristic Blu-ray boxset that tells us the story of the next six years of our lives. Including all those times we didn't get fired, your relationship issues, plus when we went to space in a dome, and when the universe got destroyed by Pops' evil twin brother, Anti-Pops.

Mordecai: Dude, just holding up a box while you say crazy stuff doesn't prove anything.

Rigby: But it's all here on Blu-ray!

Mordecai: Ugh! You keep saying that, but Blu-ray just sounds as made-up as anything else. If it was a VHS boxset, you might have a case. Hey, you think if we sell this thing, we can make enough money to fix the ho-?

(Mordecai touches the Blu-ray boxset and has flashbacks to Do Me a Solid, Meteor Moves, Real Date, 1000th Chopper Flight Party, Rigby's Graduation Day Special, and the final battle)

Mordecai: (gasps) I remember! I remember! Huh?

(He sees a white silhouette of Benson next to the shed where he was supposed to be for his first appearance)

Mordecai: What's going on?! Huh?!

(He sees a white silhouette of Pops next to the fountain where he was supposed to be for his first appearance)

Mordecai: This isn't right!

Rigby: I think we're in a glitch and time didn't reset!

Mordecai: We gotta get back to help Pops!

Rigby: I know how we can do it!

(Mordecai and Rigby use The Power to travel to the end of the universe)

Mordecai & Rigby: (singing) Take us to the end! Take us to the end! Whoa! Won't you take us to the end?

(They disappear. Cut to the final battle, Pops and Anti-Pops are still fighting. Anti-Pops laughs) 

Anti-Pops: Say goodnight, Pops! (laughs evilly)

(Pops tackles Anti-Pops)

Pops: (furious) My friends! You've killed all my friends!

Anti-Pops: Yeah, and you're next!

(Mordecai and Rigby appear between them)

Mordecai & Rigby: Guess who's not dead after all!

Anti-Pops: What?!

Pops: (happy that some of his friends aren't dead) Mordecai! Rigby!

Mordecai: That's right! Just hit a little glitch in time!

Rigby: We'll always have your back, bro!

(Anti-Pops' hand, which has a giant red eye on it, appears behind Mordecai and Rigby

Anti-Pops: Not for long!

(Mordecai and Rigby shield themselves with The Power as Anti-Pops' hand shoots them)

Pops: No!

(The Power shatters as Mordecai and Rigby fall and land on Lolliland. Anti-Pops blasts the planet as they run, destroying it, making the blast knock Pops back to a space through a black hole. Pops loses his titan form, and lands in J.G. Quintel's original student film, The Naive Man from Lolliland. Pops looks towards the Naive Man)

Naive Man: I say, quite the handsome man in the newspaper, don't you think?

Waiter: Uh, sure. I'll be back in a second for the check.

Pops: Is that me? Hello? Hello? Where am I? What is this?

(Pops notices one of the tables being erased)

Pops: Anti-Pops!

(Pops jumps into the air and flies through the black hole, to find Anti-Pops, he sees Anti-Pops erasing everything while laughing. He hits a rock which Mordecai and Rigby are holding onto, causing them to separate)

Mordecai: Rigby! Hold on!

Rigby: Pops, help!

(Pops continues flying towards the fight, but approaches a group of giant letters spelling out REGULAR SHOW, he flies around and through them. Anti-Pops gets close to destroying Mordecai)

Mordecai: (screams)

Rigby: We're dead times a hundred! We're dead times a hundred!

Pops: Rigby!

(Rigby turns and sees Pops)

Rigby: Pops!

Pops: Give me your ha-

(Pops is hit by an adhesive sticky note with a sketch of Muscle Man on it)

Rigby: Pops!

(Pops throws the sticky note off him)

Pops: An adhesive note?

(A collection of sticky notes race towards Pops, pushing him away from Mordecai and Rigby. He screams)

Rigby: Dude! I'm freaking out!

(Suddenly, Rigby becomes a bunch of sticky note sketches. He screams while kicking his legs around)

Rigby: Agh! Help! Get it off! Get it off!

(Mordecai appears on a storyboard)

Mordecai: Agh! Dude, what the heck is going on?

(Anti-Pops appears in front of Mordecai and Rigby)

Anti-Pops: The fabric of reality is unravelling!

Pops: No!

(Anti-Pops goes to throw his fist towards Mordecai and Rigby)

Anti-Pops: (laughs)

Pops: Mordecai! Rigby! No!

(Pops remembers The Seer speaking to him a few episodes prior.

The Seer (memory): Sometimes, doing something different makes all the difference.

(Pops remembers earlier in the battle)

Pops (memory): We can still resolve this, brother.

(Pops remembers the events of Kill 'Em with Kindness)

Anti-Pops (memory): Ugh! I don't need a hug!

(Pops smiles, and uses his powers to push the sticky notes away. He teleports to save Rigby, who is screaming. He then teleports away, as Anti-Pops smashes the rock Rigby was holding onto. Pops teleports to grab Mordecai, then teleports away again before Anti-Pops destroys his rock)

Anti-Pops: Stop running!

(The trio land on a broken part of Lolliland)

Mordecai: Pops! He's too powerful! You'll never beat him alone!

Pops: I know you all mean well, but I should have been listening to my heart this whole time. You boys stay here.

(Pops boosts himself into the sky)

Anti-Pops: Pops! Show yourself, coward!

Pops: I'm here!

(Anti-Pops prepares his deathblow to Pops, as Pops smiles, spreads his arms out, and floats towards Anti-Pops to give him a hug)

Pops: Sh-sh-sh-sh-shh!

(Pops ends up giving Anti-Pops positive feelings, causing him to shrink back to his regular size)

Anti-Pops: No! Feelings!

(Mordecai and Rigby watch in shock and amazement.)

Mordecai & Rigby: Wha'...?

Anti-Pops: (frustrated after being hugged) Ugh, this can't work, Pops. The minute you let me go, I'm gonna blast you into nothing!

Pops: I know. So I'm not going to let go.

Anti-Pops: What?

(Anti-Pops notices that he and Pops are floating towards the Sun)

Anti-Pops: Agh, no! You'll kill us both, you fool!

Mordecai & Rigby: Pops, don't!

(Pops telepathically connects with Mordecai and Rigby, to say his final goodbye)

Pops: Don't worry, Mordecai and Rigby. I know you're sad, but I promise this is a happy ending. Take care of each other. Goodbye.

(Pops and Anti-Pops continue to zoom into the Sun. Anti-Pops' negativity is now gone. Realizes his brother still cares for him, Anti-Pops finally feels so much remorseful for his actions.)

Anti-Pops: My God...all those one-star reviews, (looks down in shame and guilt) I wish I could take it all back.

Pops: You can try. You and I together, brother.

(They both close their eyes, as Pops' hat disintegrates off his head. Pops and Anti-Pops share a hug, indicating that they've finally made peace with each other. Anti-Pops opens his eyes one last time to look up at his twin brother, in admiration. They both fly into the Sun, killing both of them, but reviving everybody who Anti-Pops had destroyed. Mordecai and Rigby are watching the Sun expand from afar, crying)

Mordecai: (sniffs) I guess this is it. If anyone's listening, I wanna come back as a dolphin.

Rigby: Oh, good one. (sniffs) Me too. No wait, an eagle! No! A pterodactyl! With a really big-

(Rigby's sentence is cut off as the universe returns to its regular state)

(A Channel 6 news broadcast begins, with Del Hanlon and Margaret presenting.

Del: Breaking news! Months after the return of domes around the world, and three years after their mysterious departure, it seems like we're getting reports that the Park Dome is finally back! It's back, everybody! It's back!

(David Bowie's Heroes begins to play. Margaret runs off to find her friends. The Park Dome is seen finally returning to Earth. The whole Park Crew, minus Pops, exits the dome, and are widely celebrated by a huge amount of pedestrians. Mordecai's parents run up to the Park Dome to hug and kiss Mordecai, followed by Rigby's parents and Don. Rigby's father, Sherm, gives Rigby a hug, and is clearly very relieved to have his son back. Starla follows with a special surprise for Muscle Man, their 3 year old daughter who Starla was pregnant with when they went to space. Muscle Man holds up his daughter and cries tears of joy that he's going to be father. Skips reunites with Techmo as they share a hug, and Margaret hugs Eileen. Hi Five Ghost reunites with Celia as they hug and spin around in happiness. Benson is reunited with Apple Sauce, who jumps up to him for a hug and satisfyingly sets him down. Rigby and Eileen have a long awaited kiss and blush towards each other. Mordecai looks over to Mr. Maellard, who is unable to reunite with his adopted son, Pops, for obvious reasons. Maellard wipes a tear away with a handkerchief, as Mordecai frowns towards him out of sympathy. He looks up towards the moon, as the scene transitions into the Sun, some time later. The Dome is no longer over the Park, and a statue of Pops has been put up in the Park as a memorial. The Park Crew are all in attendance at Pops' funeral, as Benson lays flowers next to his statue, which has a plaque that reads: "HE CHASED BUTTERFLIES. HE LOVED TO LAUGH. HE SAVED THE UNIVERSE. HE WAS OUR FRIEND. POPS MAELLARD" Some time after this, Mordecai and Rigby both quit their job at the Park after 6 years of work, and go separate ways. Mordecai shuts his car trunk, which contains memorabilia from the show, such as the Maximum Glove, Mordecai and the Rigbys T-Shirt, and Rigby's Eggscellent hat. He hugs Rigby and Eileen, who are moving in together. Rigby and Eileen drive off east of the Park, as Mordecai drives south. Some time later, we see Mordecai in an art studio painting, with visible stubble. Around the studio are paintings resembling Margaret, CJ and his friendship with Rigby. Transition to Rigby sometime in the future who now older, wears a green jacket and has a mustache, playing video games in his new house with his daughter. Eileen walks in with their other daughter, with some sandwiches. Transition to Benson, who has grown some hair and stubble back and is going gray, who has got back together with Pam, and is still working as the Park manager. He now wears a blue cap, and manages a zebra, hedgehog, a tree, a human, and Skips. Transition to Muscle Man and Starla, who now live in a cleaner trailer, and have five more children than before. Muscle Man is going bald and wears braces. Muscle Man and his kids all do Muscle Man's signature shirt spin, one last time. Skips is seen fixing a car in his garage, still working at the Park, drinking a mug of coffee, while wearing shorts. Hi Five Ghost and Celia are seen to now be living in the Czech Republic, working as DJs in Prague. Hi Five Ghost has a goatee and wears a beanie. Sometime soon, an older, more worn out, Mordecai meets a bat lady named Stef at an art conference, whom he falls in love with at first sight. Now, 25 years after the fight against Anti-Pops, the Park is having a reunion. Muscle Man is seen chasing his children, Eileen and Stef bond with each other, Benson, who now has a ponytail, and Pam both admire their cats and Apple Sauce. Mordecai and Stef's children are seen, all playing on their phones, while Rigby and Eileen's children help Muscle Man and Starla's children get candy from a Pops piñata. A statue of Mr. Maellard is placed next to Pops' statue, confirming that he has also passed away in the 25 years since the battle. Everybody gathers around the statues for a reunion photo. Later that night, Mordecai, who now has a beard and wears a beanie, a red hoodie and glasses, and Rigby are sat on the Park House steps drinking a soda, reminiscing their time at the Park)

Rigby: Man, I can't believe it's been twenty-five years.

Mordecai: Yeah, I wish Pops could've been here to see this.

Rigby: Well if it wasn't for him, we wouldn't have this!

Mordecai: Yeah.

(Rigby takes a sip of his soda)

Mordecai: Hey, do you think those old video games are still in the shed?

Rigby: Yeah, we should check it out for old cart's sake!

(Mordecai and Rigby say their favorite catchphrase after 25 years.)

Mordecai & Rigby: Hmph, hmph, hmph, hmph! OOHHH!! (laughs)

Mordecai: I can't believe we used to do that.

(Mordecai and Rigby both stand up and walk off, as the camera zooms out to show the House in its entirety. The screen then turns to static, and zooms out of a Hanatronic TV in Heaven, which is surrounded by butterflies. A VHS tape titled "REGULAR SHOW" is ejected from the tape deck on the TV, as we hear one certain voice, one final time)

Pops: Ah, jolly good show.

(End of An Epic Regular Final Battle + the series)

