(Mordecai and Rigby walk into their bedroom, with Rigby holding a package)

Rigby: Package from the internet!

Mordecai: What is it? What is it?

Rigby: (gasp) It's a voice modulator that makes you sound like... (in movie trailer voice) ...a movie trailer voice over guy.

Mordecai: This is so cool. Wait, wait. (in movie trailer voice) For two best buds, one amazing package changed their lives forever.

(They laugh. Clock transition to Muscle Man grilling without his shirt)

Movie Trailer Voice: In a world where it's considered okay to grill outside with your shirt off...

Muscle Man: What the...what's going on?

(Cut to Benson closing his lunchbox)

Movie Trailer Voice: Coming soon, one man eats a sad lunch by himself.

Movie Trailer Voice: Pops Maellard is the man in the tiny hat, and he's got a mustache, and now he's running away.

Movie Trailer Voice: In a world, where Mordecai and Rigby thought it was cool to imitate movie trailer voiceovers. 

Mordecai: What the?

Mordecai & Rigby: Was that--?

Movie Trailer Voice: Coming this summer, [as the ground shakes] Earthquakes, [The ground starts to crack apart, and a hole was made that made Mordecai and Rigby fall through it, and they find themselves wearing adventure hats, in a ancient temple, when they see a killer snake.] Killer Snakes, [The scene cuts to Mordecai and Rigby, who are completely wet, inside a submarine with two holes with water coming through them.] The most deadly submarine ever built, [The scene cuts to a giant turtle monster attacking the city.] Giant Monsters, [The scene then cuts to Mordecai and Rigby, again, but this time they're running away from an airplane.] Thrills, [Then Mordecai and Rigby, as shadows, see the shadow of Nosferatu,] Chills, [Then Mordecai and Rigby are in pilot uniforms in a jet, giving each other a handshake.] and Navy Skills, [Then the scene cuts to Mordecai and Rigby getting into Benson's Car, and then they drive off.] One movie trailer voice is turning nature, into a nightmare, [Mordecai and Rigby notice a cliff up ahead.] And these two guys are getting there. [Mordecai and Rigby scream as they go over the cliff in Benson's Car, then the scene freeze-frames, and then a movie title appears as the Movie Trailer Voice says it.] Just Desserts. Wait, I... I think I can come up with something... cooler... uh... [Another movie title appears as the Movie Trailer Voice says it.] X-treme Payback. No, that's... maybe too vague. [Another movie title appears as the Movie Trailer Voice says it. This time, it's a very long movie title.] Fatal Vengence: The Mordecai & Rigby Story: The Spectres Within: The Curse of the Dark Stone: Revengeuppance 2000. Nailed it. [The scene resumes as Mordecai and Rigby resume screaming in Benson's Car as they fall all the way down the cliff, and then they crash down at the bottom of the cliff, and then, when the smoke clears up, Mordecai and Rigby are back in their room in Pops' House, on the floor, coughing, realizing that everything was just a nightmare. Then, the scene cuts to the last scene of the short, where the Movie Trailer Voice reveals his true form, which is a man in a black suit, but with a microphone as a head.] Never mimic my voice again. [The short ends when the Movie Trailer Voice leaves Mordecai and Rigby's room, and closes the door, but completely off-screen.]

