(The episode begins in a store named Fast N' Easy and Mordecai, Rigby, Thomas and Pops buying a slushy to take photos of their faces after drinking the slushy)

Mordecai and Rigby: (opens the door) Sluuushyyyyyy! (Mordecai pays for the slushy and Pops takes the slushy)

Rigby: (holding the camera) Reaadyyy?

Mordecai: Let's do thiiiyuuuuus! (drinks the slushy while the 3 cheers "Brain Freeze!" repeatedly) ("Brain frozen" then makes a weird face and taken a photo)

Rigby: (drinks the slushy and also made a weird face after being "brain frozen" and taken a photo)

Pops: (drinks the slushy then kneels to the ground and reached his head then laughs) Ahhahahahaaa, brain freeze! (also makes a weird face then taken a photo with)

Thomas: Haha, here I go! (drinks the slushy but didn't make any weird face like the other did. The slushy didn't "brain froze" him then laughs and taken a photo)

(Mordecai, Rigby and Pops looks at the photo for a bit then laughs)

Mordecai: Dude Thomas, you call this a brain freeze face?

Rigby: Weak-saaaauce!

Pops: I agree, jolly weak show.

(The 4 of them laughed)

Thomas: Okay. (pauses for a bit) Wait, wait, wait! (opens the top of the cup and chugs the whole slushy but nothing happens and just laughed)

Rigby: Dude! What is wrong with you?

Thomas: Dudes, dudes! I got this, I got this. (goes inside the store) Hey man, what's the coolest slushy you got?

Cashier: Uhh, They be the cool cubed. It's imported from the arctic and contains real glaciers, but I strongly recommend that you reconsider- (Thomas cuts him off.)

Thomas: I'll take it. Big swig size.

(The cashier gets the big swig cup, puts on goggles, gloves and puts the slushy to standard to cool-cubed.)

Cashier: Go easy on this bro.

(Scene cuts to the outside of "Fast N' Easy" and Mordecai, Rigby and Pops are saying "Chug! Chug! Chug!" repeatedly while Rigby is holding the camera for the picture. )

Thomas: Okay. Okay. Here it goes.

(While Thomas goes for it, ice goes up to the tip of the straw and then he sips it while the other three keeps repeating.)

(When he finished, nothing happened and he is calm again.)

Rigby (unamazed): Lame.

(Thomas suddenly got a "brain freeze" face but is frozen still by the cool cubed slushy.)

Rigby: Ah dude!

Mordecai: Take the picture! Take the picture!

(Rigby takes the picture and the three of them laugh.)

Mordecai: Dude, this is gold!

Rigby: Thomas, check it out!

(Thomas saids nothing then falls down then Rigby chuckles while taking more pictures of Thomas's "brain freeze" face.)

Mordecai: Now that's a brain freeze. Alright, come on.

(The three walk away but notice Thomas is still on the floor.)

Mordecai: Thomas? Come on.

Rigby: Lets go.

Pops: Thomas?

(They all get worried and look at each other.)

(All of them come to him.)

Mordecai and Rigby: Thomas?! Thomas?!

Mordecai: (touches his head) Ahh! Dude! He's not coming out of his brain freeze!

Rigby: Is it supposed to last that long?

Mordecai: I don't know! (holds onto Thomas's arms) Thomas! Thomas!

Pops: What do we do?

Mordecai: We have to unfreeze him.

(Scene cuts to the restroom, where Mordecai opens the shower curtain, Rigby turning a shower nob to hot. Then, Mordecai puts Thomas in the shower but, Thomas leans to the wall but, Mordecai puts him back correctly.)

Mordecai: Hot towel.

Pops (feels the heat of the towel): Ooh! Ooh! Ooh!

(gives Mordecai the towel and he puts it on Thomas's head.)

Rigby: Check him! Check him!

(Mordecai checks, but Thomas is still frozen.)

Mordecai: Uhh! This isn't working! He's playing cold or somehow!

(Scene cuts to Skip's home while Skips opens the door and they showed up for his help.)

Skips: Bring him in. Hmm...Yeah I've seen brain freezes before, but not as bad as this. (nods his head) This is beyond my medical knowledge. Luckily, I know a guy who can help. He's been treating Pop's family for generations.

Pops: Oh, of course! Dr. Henry!

Mordecai: Lets call him.

(Next scene shows Dr. Henry's car flying down to the front of Skip's house.)

(Pops opens the door and it's Dr. Henry.)

Pops: Oh, Dr. Henry! So good to see you!

Dr. Henry: Hello Pops. How's that old pinkie of yours?

Pops: Pop-notch! (chuckles).

(Dr. Henry checks Thomas's ear which is approved to be filtered with ice.)

Dr. Henry: Hmm. So, he drank a slushy, you said.

Mordecai: Yeah.

Dr. Henry: Did you make him drink it?

Rigby: Uhh...maybe?

(Dr. Henry doesn't seem convinced.)

Rigby: Yeah, we did.

Dr. Henry: Can I see the cup?

(Rigby gives the cup to Dr. Henry.)

Dr. Henry: Hmm. (makes a sound with his tongue.) Cool cubed, Big swig size. This is quite a pickle. Well, I got some good news and bad news. The good news is that the core of Thomas's brain isn't completely frozen yet which means, there's still a chance to throughout.

Mordecai: Okay. What's the bad news?

Dr. Henry: The bad news is that the cool cubed slushy is still very active, it's working its way to the brain core as we speak. If it gets there, Thomas's brain will stay frozen. Forever!

(Three of them gasp in horror.)

Mordecai: What do we do?!

Dr. Henry: Simple. I just shrink you to little tiny people then you go inside of Thomas and you can stop the cool cubed slushy before it reaches the core. It's a dangerous procedure but, it's the only way to save him. Any volunteers?

Rigby: (to Mordecai) Well, you and Pops have fun.

(Mordecai punches Rigby.)

Mordecai: No dude, we got Thomas into this mess, so we're gonna get the mess out of him! (unsure if that made sense) I think.

Dr. Henry: Okey dokey! Lets get started!

(Dr. Henry gets the shrinking machine out of his suit case.)

Dr. Henry: The shrinking won't last forever, so take this alarm. (Rigby puts on the alarm to his wrist.) When it goes off, you will grow back to normal size so move quick! You'll also need this. (holding a small speck)

Rigby: It's just a speck!

Dr. Henry: Shh. Its what's inside the speck that counts. It contains all the equipment to thaw the core including a transporter, which would bring you back, just push the red button and poof! You'll be back safe and sound.

(puts the speck in the tube.)

Dr. Henry: Now. In you go.

Mordecai and Rigby: Hmm! Hmm! Hmm! Hmm! Hmm!

(They go in the shrinking machine.)

(Dr. Henry presses the buttons to make them shrink.)

Dr. Henry: Oh! I forgot to tell you. Shrinking is extremely painful.

Mordecai and Rigby: WHAT?!

(Mordecai and Rigby scream from their regular voices into a miniature voice and go into the tube.)

Dr. Henry: Remember, just five minutes to save Thomas and get out.

(He puts them in Thomas's head.)

Pops: Oh, Dr. Henry, what will happen if they don't make it in time?

Dr. Henry: Well, it's hard to say Pops, yours comes to worst, they just take very long naps.

Pops: Ooh! I love long naps! (chuckles)

Dr. Henry (to Skips whispering): That means they're going to die.

(Scene cuts to the inside of Thomas where Mordecai and Rigby are swimming to start looking for the core.)

(Later, they both swim to the surface and breathe and get out of the stream and finally make it out to breathe and the scene shows the inside of Thomas where everything is filled with snow in a blizzard.)

Mordecai: It's freezing!

Rigby: I can't feel my fingers!

(Goat sound is heard)

Rigby: Dude, what's that!

(Goat appears)

Thomas's Consciousness (similar goat voice by speaking): Mor-de-cai. Rig-by. Mor-de- (suddenly has the voice of Thomas and head.)

(Mordecai and Rigby scream.)

Thomas's Consciousness: Whoa, whoa, guys, guys it's me Thomas.

Mordecai: No way, dude. How can you be Thomas if we're inside your...uh. His head.

Thomas's Consciousness: I'm Thomas's Consciousness. Of course I'm in my own head.

Rigby: Hmm. I guess that makes sense.

(The area rumbles and Mordecai and Rigby scream.)

Mordecai: Uhh, what was that?

Thomas's consciousness: The cool is making the brain unstable. It can't hold much longer like this.

Mordecai: Do you know where the brain core is?

Thomas's Consciousness: Yeah, it's over there. Take a look.

(He tooked out a pair of binoculars and gave it to Rigby to let him see where the brain core is.)

(Rigby sees it surrounded by an igloo, then sees a group of huskies gliding the sled while, he also sees the Cool Cubed and his translator going for the core.)

Cool Cubed: Freeze! Freeze!

Translator: Mush! Mush!

Rigby: Dude! The Cool Cubed is almost at the core! What are we gonna do!?

Mordecai: We're gonna stop that slushy!

(All of them go in the shed where they see all the supplies they need.)

Rigby: Dr. Henry makes one heck of a house call!

Mordecai: This might be the transporter to take us back. It's too big to carry, we have to come back for it. Time to suit up.

(They put on jackets, get matches, bow and arrows and more of the supplies then, put it in the vehicle and then got in.)

Mordecai: Let's blow torch this sickle stand.

(They leave the shed then scene cuts where the Cool Cubed and his translator are still going to the core.)

Cool Cubed: Freeze! Freeze! (notices them coming) Freeze! Freeze! Freeze! Freeze!

Translator: Hmm...(still keeps on going) Hah!

Rigby: Yeah! We got him!

(They see a glacier and they try to avoid it)

(The three scream as more glaciers rise. They try to avoid the risen glaciers. Later, they are all close to each other but then Mordecai turns the switch to go farther then the Cool Cubed.)

Cool Cubed: Freeze! Freeze! (shimmers then zaps the right caterpillar track of the snow vehicle then the other three fall off of it.)

Cool Cubed: Freeze! Freeze! (Cool Cubed and his translator come closer to them.)

Rigby: What's your problem man!?

Cool Cubed: Freeze! Freeze! Freeze! Freeze!

Translator: I am the coldest slushy in the world! I have a reputation to appalled, which means no area of this brain goes unfrozen!

Cool Cubed: Freeze! Freeze!

Translator: Now you die!

(Cool Cubed shimmers again and fires another beam.)

Thomas's consciousness: No!

(Thomas's consciousness jumps in the way of the freeze beam and gets hit. His whole body but head is covered in ice.

Cool Cubed: Freeze! Freeze! (translation) Finish him!

Translator: Hahahahaha!

Mordecai: NO! (Mordecai moves Thomas's consciousness out of the way when the translator was about to spear him but, ended up making a crack of the ground making him fall all the way down but, the Cool Cubed still went for the core.) He's getting away!

Thomas's consciousness: Hurry. Go, go!

Mordecai: But, we can't just leave you here!

Thomas's consciousness: Just. Stop the Cool Cubed. (the ice begins to go all over his face.)

Mordecai: (to Rigby) Come on!

(They all start running along to the core.)

Cool Cubed: Freeze! Freeze! Freeze! Freeze! Freeze! (begins to climb on the igloo where the core is.) Freeze! Freeze! Freeze! Freeze! Freeze! (Mordecai and Rigby pant while they climb and when the Cool Cubed was already in the top of the igloo, he saw the core and was about to go in until Rigby pulled him in the leg.) Freeze! Freeze-

(Rigby grunts)

Mordecai: Hold him up while I find the core!

(Rigby goes on Cool Cubed) Rigby: Stay away from his brain hole (punches Cool Cubed repeatedly) you slush bag!

(When Mordecai saw the core too, he was about to put out the dynamite with the fire matches until, the Cool Cubed noticed and pushed him to make the supplies fall in without warming the core up but fell close to the core.)

Mordecai: (in pain) Ugh..

Cool Cubed: (goes in to freeze the core) FREEEZE!!

Rigby: He's gonna freeze the core!

Cool Cubed: FREEEZE!!!

(The Cool cubed is about to freeze it but, Mordecai gets ready to warm it up by getting a bow and arrow.)

Rigby: Dude! What are you doing?!

Mordecai: Doctor's orders.

(Mordecai shoots the arrow to the dynamite directly when the whole igloo starts to explode beating the Cool Cubed. When everything falls apart in the igloo, Mordecai and Rigby fall down while screaming but, when they barely fall, the watch Rigby was given starts to blink when the 5 minutes were up and then Rigby's hand starts to grow.)

Rigby: Aah! Uh, dude?

Mordecai: We gotta get to the transporter!

(Both of them start to run while their jackets start to rip apart while they were growing more and more than all the snow and blizzard was going away then all of a sudden, they both saw exactly the same spot where they first saw the transporter.)

Rigby: Find the transporter!

(As he was said, Mordecai looks quickly for the transporter on the melted water.)

Rigby: (still growing) Dude?!

(Mordecai sees the transporter and gets it.)

Mordecai: I got it! I got it!

Rigby: Press it! Press it!

(Mordecai still grows too while he attempts to press the button while them leaving back to the real world.)

Mordecai: Thomas?

(Thomas's eyes start to blink then he's finally awake with his normal face.)

Thomas: (gasp) Whoa! How did I do?! How did I do?!

Mordecai: Dude, your brain was totally frozen. You almost died!

Thomas: Whoa, Really?

Rigby: Yeah, but we were injected in your body and saved you! Check out your pho-to!

Pops: Your brain freeze photo was the best of its all Thomas!

Mordecai: Yeah it did!

(Everyone laughs while Thomas exams the photo of his brain freeze face.)

Thomas: Hahaha haha (in pain) Oh. Oww. Ow..

(End of "Cool Cubed")

