(Episode starts at the Coffee Shop and Mordecai and Rigby are watching a movie trailer)

Announcer: Blood. (Shows a zombie biting someone's arm, with blood coming out) Guts. (Shows a zombie taking a guy's guts out of his body. The guy screams.) Dinner. (Shows a policeman in a chair. A bunch of arms holding forks and knives bust through the wall. The policeman screams) Zombie Dinner Party.

Mordecai: That looks awesome.

Rigby: I'm glad you said that, because I got us... BAM!!! (throws 2 tickets on the table) 2 tickets for opening night!

Mordecai: Ooh, I kind of already got 2 tickets for Pajama Sisters 2.

Rigby: What? Why? That's just some chick flick. And not even the good kind! I saw the preview. They're just gonna sit around talking about their feelings, fully clothed.

Mordecai: No, dude. I got these tickets for me and Margaret. I'm finally gonna try and ask her out.

Rigby: Aw, what? But it's opening night! Do you know how hard it was to get these tickets?

Margaret: Hey, guys, your food is almost ready. Sorry for the hold-up.

Mordecai: Oh, hey, Margaret. Um, I was wondering, uh, would you, uh, like to, uh, you know, uh...

Rigby: You're gonna have to excuse Mordecai here. He has a hard time trying to "espresso" himself.

Margaret: (laughs) Good one, Rigby. I'll be right back with your food, guys.

Rigby: Dude, did you see how hard Margaret laughed at me?

Mordecai: That wasn't funny.

Rigby: Yes it was. Man, what's your problem?

Margaret: Here you go, guys. (puts two salads down on the table)

Rigby: Salad? Where's my French dip?

Margaret: Huh? Oh, I'm sorry. I messed up, let me take it back.

Rigby: Everything okay, Margaret? You seem like you've got a "full plate".

Margaret: (laughs) Yeah! I'm just a little stressed 'cause I'm moving out of my place today.

Mordecai: I can help you.

Margaret: Really? Thanks, Mordecai!

Rigby: Hey, Margaret, I can help you move too.

Margaret: Oh, perfect! Do you guys mind coming by my place in an hour?

Rigby: Oh, we don't mind. It'll be a "moving" experience for all of us.

Margaret: (laughs) Rigby!

(Mordecai kicks Rigby under the table)

Rigby: Ow! What?

Mordecai: Nothing.

Rigby: Wait a minute... you're jealous.

Mordecai: What? No I'm not.

Rigby: Dude, you're just jealous 'cause I made her laugh and all you do is sit like this: Uh, uh, uh...

Mordecai: Whatever. Just stay out of my way when I'm helping her move.

(Scene changes to outside Margaret's apartment, where Mordecai and Rigby are helping her put boxes into a truck)

Margaret: Alright, guys, we're almost done.

(Mordecai puts a box into the truck)

Mordecai: Do it. Just do it. Hey, Margaret. Um, I've been meaning to ask you, uh, do you want to, uh, have me pick up that box?

Margaret: Oh, yeah, thanks! This is the last one, but be careful because it's really...(sees Mordecai trying to pick it up)...heavy. Uh, do you need help with that?

Mordecai: It's cool. I got it. (carries the box over to the truck)

Rigby: (standing in a box) Hey, Margaret. Briefs or (pulls the box up) boxers?

Margaret: (laughs) You're so funny, Rigby. Okay, gotta go talk to the manager. I'll be right back. (walks away)

Mordecai: Hey, Rigby. You better leave, dude. You're ruining my chances with Margaret.

Rigby: What? You haven't even made a move on her yet. You're gonna end up seeing Zombie Dinner Party with me anyway.

Mordecai: No, I'm not. Quit screwing this up for me.

Rigby: You're just jealous that I can talk to chicks, and you can't!

(They see Margaret walking back towards them)

Rigby: You gonna ask her out or what?

Margaret: Hey, guys. Ready to call it a day?

Mordecai: Margaret! Uh, just wanted to ask you if you want to, uh, I mean you obviously don't have to but, uh...

Rigby: Margaret, wanna see something cool? BAM! (shows tickets) Two tickets for the Zombie Dinner Party premiere! Wanna go with me tonight?

Margaret: You actually got tickets? Yeah, I'll totally go with you tonight! Mordecai, you gotta come too!

Rigby: Mordecai can't come because I only got two tickets!

Margaret: Aw, maybe next time?

Mordecai: No. No, it's cool. You guys have a good time.

Margaret: Okay. I'll see you at 8, Rigby! (gets into the truck)

Mordecai: Alright, dude, I'll go to the movie with you. Just call it off with her.

Rigby: Pfft, yeah, right. I'm not going with you. You had your chance, and you blew it! You blew it!

Mordecai: Agh! Come on, dude, just give me another chance.

Rigby: Ok, I give you another chance, if you admit that you're jealous.

Mordecai: No, I'm not jealous.

Rigby: Then I guess I'm still going out with Margaret. Ohhhhhhhhh! You blew it again, you blew it again!

(Goes to next scene where Rigby is on the computer at the park)

Rigby: Mordecai, check this out.

Mordecai: What?

(Shows Mordecai the trailer for "Pajama Sisters 2")

Girl in trailer: Haha, ahh. Why doesn't he like me? (sobs)

(Comments on the computer saying that the movie sucks)

Rigby: Looks like Pajama Sisters 2 is bombing, but it's doing better than you did with Margaret. Ohhhhhh! 3 more hours till my date! (Next scene at the kitchen, with Rigby talking to Muscle Man) Hey, Muscle Man, do you know what I like best about Margaret? The way she's not going out with this guy!

Muscle Man: Ohhhh!

Rigby: Ohhhhhh! 2 more hours till my date.

Muscle Man & Rigby: Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

(Next scene in the living room, where Mordecai and Rigby are playing a video game)

Rigby: Aw, man! This is just like earlier! (Imitating Margaret) Mordecai, help! These boxes are too heavy! (Normal voice) Mordecai can't help you, Margaret, he's too busy not asking you out! (He wins the game and the female video game character comes out) Oh, yeah, Margaret. (The game characters are now tongue kissing, and he mocks the tongue kiss to Mordecai, who looks jealous) Ohhhhhhhhhh! Only one more hour till my date. And that's exactly how it's gonna go down. (It is now the night time, and Mordecai is still in the living room with the T.V static on. Rigby comes out, getting ready for his "date" with Margaret. He is wearing a black tie and is combing his hair back) Hey, Pajama Sister, what are you doing? Watching T.V. all by yourself? Well, that doesn't surprise me, since you can't talk to chicks.

Mordecai: I'm warning you man. You better call her and cancel.

Rigby: I can't cancel, that's being rude. I can't be rude to the ladies. Besides I've got... (looks at his watch) twenty minutes till my date.

Mordecai: Hmm, hmm. Are you sure it's only twenty minutes till your date?

Rigby: Huh? (looks at watch again, and sees that there is no battery inside) What did you do with my battery?

Mordecai: It could be twenty minutes till your date. Or maybe it's half an hour, or maybe you already missed it!

Rigby: Whatever! I'll find out what time it is!

(Rigby runs to find a clock that reveals what the real time is, Mordecai gives chase. The first clock is on top of a shelf, which Mordecai takes with ease. The second is Pops' cuckoo clock and drives on with Mordecai taking every other clock in the house. The last clock Rigby tries to check is the microwave, which Mordecai blocks with his hand)

Mordecai: Call it off with her.

Rigby: You're jealous, Mordecai! It's all over your face!

Mordecai: My face isn't jealous! (Puts all the clocks in the microwave)

Rigby: Dude, what are you doing? You can't do that!

Mordecai: Can't do what? This? (Shuts microwave door, turns on the microwave, and the clocks melt) Now you'll never be on time for your date.

Rigby: (jumping on Mordecai) Gimme back those clocks!

Mordecai: No!!

(They fight, but then Mordecai accidentally gets tackled to the microwave, which teleports them away through a powerful electrical surge. They both scream as they move in top speed.)

Rigby: What's your problem?! Why do you have to be jealous all the time?!

Mordecai: Shut up! This is all your fault! I finally get a chance to ask out Margaret, but you had to butt in and ruin everything!

Rigby: No, I didn't! I just wanted to see Zombie Dinner Party with my bro, who flaked on me, for some girl who doesn't even know he exists! (pushes Mordecai)

Mordecai: I'LL KILL YOU!!! (Mordecai then shoves Rigby. He falls off the microwave and yells, and his body disintegrates and becomes dust. Rigby is dead)

Mordecai: RIGBY!!! No, that's not what I meant! That's not what I meant! Go back! Go back, go back, go back! (The teleportation is now done, and is now in a dark abyss, and bumps into an invisible blockade, which destroys the microwave) (echo) Hello? (walks around, and keeps bumping into the invisible blockade.)

Father Time: Hey! Who's screwing around up there? (Then there is a bunch of clocks floating around, revealing a man made out of clocks) Oh, it's you.

Mordecai: Who are you?

Father Time: I am Father Time. And you're the one who's been running around microwaving all my clocks.

Mordecai: I didn't mean too.

Father Time: (sarcastically) "You didn't mean too." You've wasted my time, your time, and you really wasted the time of that guy you killed. He's dead.

Mordecai: I know, I'm sorry. Can you bring him back?

Father Time: No, his body has been blown to bits of star-stuff. And now, you get to spend eternity here at the end of time. All because of your pity jealousy.

Mordecai: I'm not jealous.

Father Time: Yes, you are!

Mordecai: No, I'm not!

Father Time: Silence! Peer into my Truth Hole. (the clocks that make up his body pull back to reveal an enormous hourglass right before Mordecai's very eyes)

Mordecai: What is that? (The Truth Hole reveals all of the times where Mordecai is jealous throughout the entire episode) It's true, I am jealous of Rigby, and even though he's annoying, he's still my best friend. You're right Father Time, I deserve to be trapped here.

Father Time: I'll be honest, Mordecai, house guests really annoy me, I mean just look how you wreaked my living room. (Reveals nothing, since it's invisible)

Mordecai: (faking it) Oh, sorry.

Father Time: You better be. Now, I'll give you a do-over just this once.

Mordecai: Aww, man. Thanks so much.

Father Time: But remember, stop bottling up your emotions, because if I ever get you back here again, you'll be sorry. Now, get on the Time Pony.

Mordecai: Time Pony?

Father Time: Aww, come on, it's right next to you. (Revealing to be invisible) There you go. (Mordecai gets on the pony) That's how you ride a Time Pony?

Mordecai: What?

Father Time: That's just weird. Now get out of my dimension.

(The Time Pony rides off, redoing back to the coffee shop, where the episode started)

Mordecai: Rigby! You're-you're here!

Rigby: Shhh! We're watching the trailer.

Announcer: Zombie Dinner Party.

Mordecai: That looks awesome.

Rigby: I'm glad you said that, because I got us... BAM!!! (throws 2 tickets on the table) 2 tickets for opening night! Wanna go with me?

Mordecai: Yes I do. (Rigby smiles)

Margaret: Hey, guys, your food's almost ready, sorry for the hold-up.

Mordecai: Hey, Margaret. (Grabs a coffee cup) Uh, looks like you've got a latte on your plate. (laughs nervously)

Rigby: You're gonna have to excuse Mordecai here. He has a hard time trying to "espresso" himself.

Margaret: (laughs) Good one, Rigby. I'll be right back with your food, guys.

Rigby: Dude, did you see how hard Margaret laughed at me? (Mordecai now looks jealous, again) Oh, dude, you're jealous! Admit it!

Mordecai: Dude, I'm not-- Well, maybe just a little bit.

