(Pops' house steps, day. Benson goes through the list of what needs to be done with Mordecai, Rigby, Skips, and two new characters: Mitch "Muscle Man" Sorenstein, a fat, green man, and Hi Five Ghost, a very self-descriptive ghost)

Benson: Alright, listen up. We've got this birthday party today, so... lots to do, lots to do... Muscle Man, Hi Five Ghost, you're in charge of picking up the special entertainment.

Muscle Man & Hi Five Ghost: Yes! Uh! (they high-five)

Benson: Skips, you set up the bouncy castle.

Skips: Hmm. (skips over into a bush)

Benson: Let's see, I'm picking up the kids, so... Mordecai and Rigby, you set up the chairs.

Mordecai & Rigby: Augh! (Mordecai slides down the steps, onto the ground. Pops calls from above)

Pops: Oh, what about me~? Surely, I'm invited to my own birthday party!

Benson: Um, your birthday was last week, remember? It's a kid's party today.

Pops: (pulls out a bundle of balloons) I still have balloons!

Benson: We've got it covered, Pops.

Pops: (sadly) Oh. I see. (slips out, and is carried through the air by the balloons)

Mordecai: Dude, how come we always get stuck with the lame jobs? Setting up the chairs?!

Rigby: Lame!!!

Benson: I can't trust you guys with something actually important. You're always slacking off.

Mordecai: You calling us slackers?

Rigby: Did he? Did you?

Mordecai: He's calling us slackers. Look dude, we can totally set up all those chairs without slacking off.

Benson: Good. Do it then.

Mordecai: We will.

Rigby: Yeah, and then next time you'll get someone else to set up the chairs?

(Mordecai does a shrugging motion)

Benson: Fine.

Mordecai & Rigby: OOOOOOOOHHH!!! Not settin' up the chairs next time! Not settin' up the chairs next time! UHHHHH!

Benson: Just set up the chairs.

(Transition to outside of a birthday party circus building. Mordecai and Rigby with the trolley of chairs)

Rigby: Benson's gonna drop his balls when he sees how good we set up these chairs, he's gonna be all like (imitating Benson) "Oh no, my gumballs."

Mordecai: Ha ha ha! Yeah-ya, we rule at settin' up the chairs. (hands Rigby a chair) 1.

Rigby: Yaaa! 1! (throws chair it falls on the ground) Yeah dude, this sucks.

Mordecai: I agree dude, and normally I'd be all "let's quit", but we have to prove to Benson we can set up these chairs.

Rigby: All right. AAGGGHHH! Must be nice to be the boss. Benson never has to do chores.

(Scene is now set to the highway, and Benson is driving a bus full of kids. The kid with the crown and a drink named "Jimmy".)

Benson: Happy birthday Jimm--

Jimmy: Just drive the bus, you crazy slop jockey!

(Scene goes back to Mordecai and Rigby)

(Rigby is wearing a bunch of chairs, imitating a robot wreaking mass destruction.)

Rigby: BEW! BEW! BEW! PSSHHH! BEW! HA HA! (knocks over the chairs)

Mordecai: What the H, dude?

Rigby: Hahahahahahahaha!

Mordecai: Can we please just focus?

Rigby: AGGHHH! (takes off chair) When you say that, it makes me tired. (sits)

Mordecai: Dude!

Rigby: Agghh! You sound like Benson.

Mordecai: Dude, listen. If we pound through this, we'll never have to do this lame chair stuff again.

Rigby: (gasp) Next time it could be us picking up...

Mordecai & Rigby: The special entertainment!

(Scene goes to where the special entertainment gets picked up by Muscle Man and Hi Five Ghost)

(Muscle Man knocks on the door.)

(Door opens showing eyeballs)

Muscle Man: We are here to pick you up.

(Door opens showing a horse)

Special Entertainment Horse: Just a second.

Special Entertainment Clown: Aghhyyyagghh... who's at the door? Whoa, it's bright! (Puts on sunglasses)

Muscle Man: You know who likes special entertainment like that? My mom!

Special Entertainment Clown: Could I borrow five bucks?

(Scene goes back to Mordecai and Rigby)

Mordecai: 37... (Rigby throws chair, Mordecai holds it, and puts it down) 38...38...Rigby!

(cut to Rigby lying on the trolley with no more chairs)

Rigby: That's all the chairs, dude.

Mordecai: There's supposed to be 50.

Rigby: That's Benson's problem.

Mordecai: No dude, that's our problem.

Rigby: HMM!

Mordecai: C'mon, we've gotta find the rest.

Rigby: Fine! (gets up and runs to the side of the structure, getting ahead of Mordecai) Let's find your stupid chairs. (Rigby approaches a door, and pushes it effortlessly, likely as an attempt to ditch the job.) It won't open, let's get out of here.

Mordecai: Did you try the actual door knob?

Rigby: Aagghh, you're killing me... (slides his hand over the door knob, again, effortlessly.) It's locked, let's do something else.

Mordecai: C'mon dude, take this seriously. (grabs the door knob and turns it both ways, but turns out Rigby's moaning about it being locked was spot on.) Oh, it is locked.

Rigby: Hmm, hmm.

Mordecai: We've gotta get those chairs. (Mordecai runs at the door)

Rigby: HEY! (Mordecai slams into the door, knocking it down)

Mordecai: AAAGGGHHHH!! (he's on the floor rubbing his arm in pain)

Rigby: Whoa!

Mordecai: Agh, you see the chairs?

Rigby: Even better...

Mordecai: What do you mea-- (gasp) (The two see arcade games all set up in a line.)

Rigby: It's like old school heaven!

Mordecai: Yeah, look at these things! Ball of Yarn, Lemonade Stand, Hats 4 Sale, Clap Like This, Candle Maker, Deli Dude, Staring Contest?!?! Why are these even here?!

Rigby: Who cares? Let's play! (Mordecai grabs his head)

Mordecai: No dude. Dude, no. You want Benson to think we're slackers forever?

Rigby: I don't know. Do you want to be boring forever?

Mordecai: Not cool dude.

Rigby: Whatever, I'm taking my break. (Rigby starts game and idiotically smashes his fist against the buttons.)

Mordecai: Dude, you're not even doing it right. You're just mashing the buttons.

Rigby: Whatever, why don't you go back to work?

Mordecai: I know, how 'bout I take my break too? (Mordecai knocks Rigby out of the way and plays the game without the button mashing) Bam! (Game screen displays "You win") OHHHH!!!

Rigby: Man, that was just luck.

Mordecai: Hmm, hmm. (Mordecai starts the game again. A montage begins of Mordecai and Rigby playing each game, and Mordecai winning every time while Rigby mashes the buttons. All the while with Mordecai yelling "OHHH!" with every win. And for the climax...) OHHHH!!! TEN IN A ROOOOWWWW!!!!!! Alright, let's finish those chairs.

Rigby: Wait man, what about that one? (Rigby sees another game in the back, which has a note "Out of order" and is covered by a sheet)

Mordecai: Didn't they teach you how to read? "Out of order".

(Rigby gives him a look and takes the sheet off. Revealing a game called "Destroyer of Worlds")

Rigby: Whoa! This... looks... awesome!

Mordecai: Yeah, whatever, it's broken.

Rigby: Probably because people couldn't stop playing it, cause it's so awesome!

(Rigby bangs at the bottom of the stand in a pitiful attempt to fix the game)

Mordecai: How are you gonna fix that with your third grade education?

Rigby: Hey! Why don't you go ask Benson to tell you what to do?

Mordecai: Move over, Rigby.

(They open the control panel, and when they do, they find a note attached to one of the wires.)

Mordecai & Rigby: (reading) "In the name of all that is holy, don't connect the red wire to the blue wire"?

Mordecai: I don't think we should do this.

(Rigby takes the note, throws it behind him, and tries to connect the two wires to get the game to work, all the while with sparks flying every time.)

Rigby: C'mon c'mon!

(Rigby successfully connects the wires and a smoky face of Destroyer of Worlds appears)

Destroyer of Worlds (smoke version): Ha, ha, ha ha!

(The power goes out)

Mordecai: Dude, what just happened?

Rigby: I don't know.

(Game turns on, but with the power in the building still off. The game's turning on force sends Mordecai and Rigby flying and when they look back at it, the Destroyer of Worlds spawns)

Mordecai: That can't be good.

Rigby: I don't know, it could be cool.

(DOW blasts a hole through the wall)

Mordecai: Oh man, we're so dead.

Rigby: Maybe no one will notice.

(DOW shoots lasers and sets the trees on fire)

Pops: Oh, who unleashed the Destroyer of Worlds? Good show!

Mordecai: We better go find Skips.

(Mordecai and Rigby run to Skips, who is currently setting up the bouncy castle.)

Mordecai & Rigby: (panting)

Mordecai: Skips, uh dude.

Skips: What did you guys do?

Mordecai: What? Nothing. Heh.

(DOW still shooting lasers, destroys the playground's slide.)

Destroyer of Worlds: Ha, ha, ha, ha!

Skips: You ignored my note, didn't you?

Mordecai: A note? What note?

Rigby: You mean like a musical note?

(DOW shoots his laser again, this time setting the bouncy castle on fire.)

Skips: You fools! Destroyer of Worlds will kill us all!

(Destroyer of Worlds appears behind them and laughs evilly)

Skips: I have an idea, but I need time. Distract it!

Mordecai: Wait, what? Distract it how?

Rigby (picks up a rock): Get outta here! (throws the rock at DOW, which in turn hits the floating face. The response is a frown, signalling more attacks coming their way.) Uh-oh.

Mordecai & Rigby (while getting chased by the DOW): AAAHHHHHH!!!!

(Benson pulls up with the bus)

Benson: We're here... AAAAHHHHHH!!!!

(DOW goes up to the bus)

Kids on the bus: It's the special entertainment! Yay!

(DOW blasts through the top of the bus, opening up the roof. In response, Benson and the kids on board scream. The kids run off of the bus and then run into Muscle Man and High Five Ghost, who are arriving with the real special entertainment.)

Muscle Man: Hey kids. Get ready for our very special entertainment!

(Right as they begin to perform their act, with the horse waving, Destroyer of Worlds fires his laser at the two, disintegrating them into ashes. The kids scream again and scatter around the park, Destroyer of Worlds setting more of the park on fire.)

Mordecai: We're screwed.

(Skips arrives back in the cart with a set of Arcade stands)

Skips: Get in!

(Mordecai and Rigby run to the cart and it takes off in pursuing the Destroyer of Worlds.)

Skips: Climb on top but don't press start until I say.

(Mordecai and Rigby climb onto the top of the golf cart and Pops crashes into the golf cart)

Pops: Skips my good man! I lost my balloons.

Skips: Take the wheel.

(Skips leaves the cart and Pops starts the driving in chasing the Destroyer of Worlds)

Pops: It must be my birthday!

Skips: Okay everyone, press your start buttons on three. One, two, three!

(Everyone presses start, which in turn creates a huge video game character much bigger than the floating face in Destroyer of Worlds.)

Mordecai and Rigby: Whoa!

(Destroyer of Worlds fires his laser at the character.)

Skips: Mordecai and I got the arms, Rigby, you got the legs.

Rigby: (mashing the buttons) Aw what, legs?! Legs suck man, this is worse than the chairs!

(The video game man is spinning round in circles firing pixelated burgers all over the place, not at Destroyer of Worlds)

Mordecai: Dude, quit mashing the buttons, you're messing up the legs!

Rigby: SHUT UP!!!

(After a moment of jumping about, the character runs away, with Destroyer of Worlds giving chase.)

Skips: Drive, Pops, drive!

Pops: This is so much fun! Woohoo!

(Pops hits the pedal on the cart and chases after the two battling characters. As they get ahead of Destroyer of Worlds and drive in front of hit, the mask fires a laser at the cart, knocking off Skips in the process.)

Mordecai: Skips! Pops stop, we lost Skips!

(Pops skids the cart to a halt.)

Mordecai: Skips! (Destroyer of Worlds destroys an other building, Mordecai gasps in turn seeing the extra chairs) The extra chairs! Dude, you kill the Destroyer of Worlds, I'm gonna go get the chairs!

(Mordecai jumps off the top of the cart)

Rigby: It's too dangerous, just leave them!

Mordecai: I don't care, we're not slackers!

(Destroyer of Worlds follows Mordecai to the building, firing at him.)

Rigby: (gasps, believing that Mordecai was shot) MORDECAI!

(Mordecai is inside the building holding onto one of the chairs, taking cover from the Destroyer of World's lasers)

Mordecai: AAAHHH!

(Rigby starts mashing all of the buttons on every arcade stand. Which begins to work as the Destroyer of Worlds is taking damage from the pixelated burgers)

Destroyer Of Worlds: WHAT THE...

Mordecai: The button mashing's working! Finish him off dude!

Rigby: AAAAHHHH!

(Rigby mashes every button and his tail grabbing the analogue stick Skips was on. The video game character finishes off the Destroyer of Worlds, once defeated, it turns into a cherry. The character walks up to it and eats it with 100 points popping up.)

Mordecai: That was some pretty sweet button mashing. (he and Rigby hi five)

Rigby: I told you I got skills.

(Benson climbs out of a fiery ditch, red in the face)

Benson: YOU!!!!!!

Mordecai: Whoa, hey, Benson. Before you freak out, we totally set up those chairs.

(Revealing the kids sitting on the chairs, surrounded by fire. Muscle Man and High Five Ghost also joining in on the fun)

Muscle Man: Whoo! This birthday party's hot!

Rigby: So we're cool, right?

Benson: YOU IDIOTS!!! That's the last time I entrust you with something important, LIKE THE CHAIRS!!!!!!!!!!!!

Mordecai & Rigby: OOOOHHHH!!! Not setting up the chairs next time! Not setting up the chairs next time!

Benson: But you are gonna clean up this mess, and you can start by sweeping up the special entertainment.

(Benson walks away)

Mordecai: Yeah, no problem.

Rigby: We got it.

Mordecai: Don't worry about us.

Rigby: We're gonna take a break first, right?

Mordecai: Yeah.

(End of Episode)

