Mordecai: [gets out of bed] Dude wake up, come on. [yawns] It's time for work.

Rigby: [flailing] Eh-eh-eh-eh! Lame! Dude, come on, let's go watch that karaoke tape from last night.

Mordecai: What tape?

Rigby: Dude, the tape from last night, remember? That old dude with the ponytail gave us a copy of our killer performance. [he says those last two words with flair]

Mordecai: Oh, yeah. Dude, we were awesome last night.

Rigby: Totally awesome!

Mordecai: Where'd you put it?

Rigby: Put what?

Mordecai: The tape.

Rigby: Oh, yeah. I put in the fridge.

Mordecai: Oh, yeah.

Mordecai and Rigby: To keep the tape as cool as were last night. Whhhhhooooooooa! [both spin out the door]

[Cuts to inside of the fridge. Fridge door opens and tape is visible]

Mordecai: So cool.

Mordecai and Rigby: Hm, hm, hm, hm, hm, hm, hm, hm.

Carrey O 'Key: (on tape) Give it up for Rigby and Mordecai!

Mordecai: (on tape) Dude! [pushes Rigby and picks up microphone] Hurry up, hurry up! 

Rigby: (on tape) Alright. Hello, hello, hello!

Mordecai: (on tape) [taps Rigby] Dude, come on.

Rigby: (on tape) This is for all you hard workers out there that get treated like dirt!

Mordecai: Dude, so awesome!

Mordecai and Rigby: (on tape) We got the right to choose it. There ain't no way to loose it. This is our life, this is our song. (laughs) Oh, we're not gonna take it. No, we ain't gonna take it. We're not gonna take it, anymore.

Rigby: Hey, we're pretty good!

Mordecai and Rigby: (on tape) [dancing] Woo!

Man: (on tape) What aren't you gonna take?

Mordecai: (on tape) We're not gonna take anymore garbage from our boss Benson. What a loser.

Rigby: (on tape) Yeah, go back to your sad apartment, and be alone forever!

Mordecai and Rigby: (on tape) Ohhhhhhhh!

Man: (on tape) What else, what else?

Rigby: (on tape) Yeah, and this know-it-all guy Skips, forget him.

Mordecai: (on tape) Yeah, if you're so smart, then why are you stuck working as a groundskeeper?

Mordecai: (on tape) I'm just saying, I'm just saying.

Rigby: (on tape) Oh, dude, and Pops, Pops!

Mordecai: (on tape) Oh, yeah, and this guy Pops just says the dumbest things all the time. You're not as interesting as you think, Pops.

Mordecai and Rigby: (on tape) Ohhhhhhhhhh! [laughs] We're not gonna take it. No we ain't gonna take it!

Rigby: (on tape) Go chew on your own gumballs, Benson.

Mordecai: (on tape, imitating Pops) Oh, I'm so old timey, I don't know what anything is.

Mordecai: What the heck are we doing?!

Mordecai: (on tape, imitating Skips with a beefy voice) My name's Skips. Let me and my muscles stare at you condescendingly.

Rigby: (on tape) Walking? No, thanks. I'm too good for that.

Mordecai: Do you remember any of this?

Rigby: No, no!

[Mordecai fast forwards the tape again. Rigby and Mordecai are laughing on the tape. Mordecai fast forwards the tape again. Rigby and Mordecai are laughing on the tape again. Mordecai fast forwards the tape again]

Rigby: Wait, stop, stop!

Carrey O 'Key: (on tape) What do you think, folks? Do you like these guys?

Carrey O 'Key: (on tape) Hey, you boys don't mind if I play this video at my club as a promo, do you?

Mordecai: (on tape) Nah, whatever, dude.

Rigby: (on tape) You gotta give us a copy though, so we can re-live this night forever!

Mordecai: Dude, we can't let anybody see this.

Benson: (Off-screen) See what?

Mordecai: Uh.

Rigby: See this! Bam! [breaks tape in half]

Muscle Man: Pfft, I've seen that before. You're not the only one scared of technology.

Benson: What's this? [walks towards tape case] Carrey O' Key's Karaoke?

Pops: (gleefully) Did you say karaoke? Oh, I just love karaoke! Oh, we must go Benson, we must!

Skips: Yeah, that would be pretty fun!

Benson: Alright.

Mordecai and Rigby: (disbelievingly) What!?

Benson: Well I have been working you all pretty hard lately, so how 'bout we all go out tonight and karaoke it up, my treat?

(Pops, Muscle Man, Skips and Hi Five Ghost cheer)

Benson: Great idea, guys. Alright, let's finish our work for the day, fellas.

Muscle Man: This is gonna be awesome!

Pops: Ooh, I can feel the excitement in my bladder!

Rigby: Man, we're totally dead.

Mordecai: Dead? Dude, they're gonna hate us forever! [facepalms] Awww, why are we so dumb?

Rigby: It was the music, man! It fueled our frustrations, it wasn't our fault!

Mordecai: Whatever, we just can't let them see us trashing them. We gotta go find that master tape.

Rigby: But how are we gonna do that?

Mordecai: Dude, it'll be easy. We'll just go ask that fat dude for the tape, and if he says no, we'll just take it from him.

Carrey O' Key: I said "no"! I can play that tape whenever I feel like it, and there's not a darn thing you can do about it. I don't wanna see you punks back here again. You're banned! [slams door]

Mordecai: Benson! Hey, man, we need to talk to you about tonight.

Benson: I'm only paying for the songs. You're on your own for food and drinks. [walks away]

Muscle Man: Aww, what? Well, I've always got my gravy pouch. [pulls up shirt to reveal gravy pouch. Sucks gravy from a tube] Ahhh.

Mordecai: No, Benson, wait! We don't think going to karaoke tonight is such a good idea.

Benson: What?

Rigby: Karaoke's lame. We should do something really fun, like bowling!

Mordecai: Yeah, bowling's good! Or pool, the pool hall's always fun. Rap 'em up!

Benson: Guys, please.

Rigby: If we're throwing out halls, why not the greatest hall of them all?

Mordecai: Dance hall.

Rigby: Bingo!

Mordecai: (taking Rigby literally) Oh, bingo? Really?

Benson: Guys.

Rigby: No no no, dance hall, I was saying bingo like "You got it!". Bingo halls are for losers.

Benson: Guys! What is it with you two? I'm trying to do something nice for everyone, boost morale around here. Besides, I've already called the karaoke place and reserved a table.

Mordecai: But wait, can't we just-

Benson: No, we're going to karaoke, and you know what, now it's mandatory. Yup, mandatory having fun at karaoke night. You don't come and you're fired. [runs off] So deal with it!!!

Mordecai: Now what?

Pops: Ooh, look how many songs. I'm gonna sing them all!

Benson: No, Pops, just one. (smiling) Skips, what're you gonna sing?

Skips: Do they have anything with Spanish guitar?

Muscle Man: [fist pumping] Woo! Skips bringing it old school! Woo!

Benson: Ugh. Where's Mordecai and Rigby?

Waiter: Uh, ready to order sir?

Benson: No, we're still waiting for two. They don't think I was serious about this being mandatory. I was being serious. If they don't show up they're fired!

Pops: Ooh, they'll be here!

[Pans to vents above where Mordecai and Rigby are]

Rigby: Oh, man. Dude, we gotta hurry this up, Benson's gonna blow a fuse!

Mordecai: Rigby! [crawls towards a vent grate] Hey, I found it.

Carrey O' Key: Hey Carl, how many people signed up for karaoke so far?

Carl: Just one, boss.

Carrey O' Key: Well, dang it, that's not enough! We can't keep this place going with just one singer a night! It's time to play that dang tape! If that won't get people singing, nothing will. Now get me ready like we talked about, you know how I got stagefright.

Carrey O' Key: [laughing] Yes! Welcome, folks! Now I know some of you first timers might be a little shy but sure of your talent's with us, so we put together this little promo video to put all your fears to rest. Here we go. [plays video]

Carrey O' Key: (on tape) Scared to get up on stage to sing? Don't be! You couldn't be worse than these guys.

Mordecai and Rigby: (on tape) We're not gonna take it. No, we ain't gonna take it.

Benson: Oh, my.

Pops: It's Moredcai and Rigby!

Mordecai: [sees the video playing on the computer screen] Aw, dude, they're playing the promo! C'mon! [falls to ground] Ugh.

Mordecai: Wait-

Mordecai: Ugh.

Mordecai and Rigby: (on tape) We're not gonna take it, anymore!

Benson: So this is why they didn't want us to come tonight! They must've been super embarrassed by their singing.

Mordecai: (on tape) We're not gonna take anymore garbage from our boss, Benson!

Benson: What the?

Mordecai: (on tape) What a los...!

Carrey O' Key: Well, uh, sorry folks, um, technical difficulties. Aw, oh hey, why don't we start the songs, shall we? Uh first up we have Pops!

[Pops runs on stage]

Pops: That's me! [giggles] I've been working so hard I'm punching my card.

Pops: (voice over) Eight hours for what?

Carrey O' Key: Hey!

Mordecai: [gasps] Get the tape! Get the tape!

Carrey O' Key: Carl!

Pops: (voice over) I've got this feeling that times been holding me down.

Mordecai: Dude, what's going on?!

Rigby: I don't know, it's stuck!

Rigby: Come on, come on!

Pops: (voice over) I'll hit the ceiling. Or else I'll tear up this town

Pops: (voice over) Tonight, I gotta cut loose. Footloose.

Pops: (voice over) Kick off your sunday shoes.

[Mordecai gets the tape to be tackled by Carl.]

Pops: (voice over) Please, Louise. Pull off of my knees.

Pops: (voice over) Jack, get back. Come on before we crack.

Pops: (voice over) Lose your blues, everybody cut footloose!

Pops: (voice over) You're playing so cool.

Pops: (voice over) Obeying every rule.

Pops: (voice over) I dig a way down in your heart. You're burning yearning for songs. Somebody to tell you.

[People's hands grabbing for the tape]

Pops: (voice over) That life ain't passing you by. I'm trying to tell you that life ain't passing you by. I'm trying to tell you it will if you don't even try.

Pops: (voice over) [punches man charging at him] You can fly if you only cut loose.

[Hi Five Ghost punches a man in the face.]

Pops: (voice over) Foot loose. Kick off your Sunday shoes.

Pops: (voice over) Oowhee, Marie, shake it, shake it for me.

Pops: (voice over) Whoa, Milo, c'mon, c'mon let's go.

Carrey O' Key's: GIMME ThAT TAPE!!!!

Pops: (voice over) Lose, your blues.

Benson: You want it? Fine! Take it, then! [throws tape at the Carrey O' Key's owner, the tape breaks into pieces]

Pops: (Voice over) Everybody cut footloose! Ohhh! Cut footloose! (Spoken)Thank you.

Mordecai: Sorry, guys.

Rigby: Yeah, sorry.

Mordecai: We didn't mean to ruin your good time.

Benson: (Hurted, having hurted right eye and having bandage on his right arm.) No no, I don't want to hear it! I don't know what was on that tape, or why those guys were after it, but I'm gonna get to the bottom of this. (turns pink) YOU'VE RUINED KARAOKE NIGHT!!!! [does a doughnut with the golf cart and drives away with Muscle Man, Hi Five Ghost, Pops and Skips]

Mordecai: Yeah uh, I know, that's why we were trying to apologize to you. Man, karaoke sucks.

[End of 'Karaoke Video']

