(The episode starts off with a flashback of what happened in "Steak Me Amadeus")

Margaret: I got into my dream school. (Mordecai is shocked by this.) I really like you Mordecai, and what we have is special, but I may never get this opportunity again. (She starts crying.) I'm sorry, but... I can't be your girlfriend. (The scene shows Margaret running through the restaurant crying, and Mordecai is left heartbroken. Then it rewinds back to the last sentences Margaret said.) I can't be your girlfriend. (echos) Girlfriend...girlfriend...girlfriend.

(The next scene shows Mordecai all depressed in his bed and he groans. Then it shows Rigby, Benson, Pops and Skips watching him. Benson wanted to say something to him, but Rigby stops him so he can just let Mordecai be alone then the next day, it shows Mordecai looking out the Coffee Shop's window and shows that it is very busy and Eileen is serving everyone their orders, then Eileen serves a coffee to a girl that looks like Margaret from the back, and Mordecai is surprised thinking that she came back, but when she turns around it was not Margaret, then Mordecai gets depressed again and walks away, then it shows Rigby playing video games and Mordecai drops his controler, Rigby notices and picks up Mordecai's controler then he continues playing, but Mordecai drops it again and cries, then it shows Mordecai reading, but he sees other couples including Muscle Man and Starla and Mordecai throws his book on the ground and walks away, then it shows Mordecai in his room and he looks at the sky and sees a constellation that looks just like Margaret, then the rest of the gang comes in and try to cheer Mordecai up because they can't stand to see Mordecai all sad in his room in the dark, the next scene shows the gang at the bowling alley and Rigby gives Mordecai a soda and Skips places his hand on Mordecai's shoulder showing he cares, smiling and Mordecai smiles back, then it shows Muscle Man cheering Mordecai up by making fun of Thomas and they all laugh at it, then it shows Mordecai lifting weights at Skips place along with Pops helping him out, then it shows Mordecai in the bathroom washing his face and shaving with Muscle Man watching while he eats a piece of pie, then it shows Mordecai taking out the trash and working up a sweat and Benson gives him a thumbs up, then it shows Mordecai and Rigby playing video games again, and Mordecai beats him and cheering and Rigby smiles, then Mordecai punches him and continues being happy as he can be.)

(The next scene shows Mordecai and Rigby doing laundry)

Rigby: Man, laundry takes forever.

Mordecai: You know, this would be faster if you helped out.

Rigby: Nah, man, you got this. (He takes a sip of his soda) Besides, all you got left is one sweater. (Mordecai picks up the sweater) One...pink...sweater. (Mordecai looks at it, and gets shocked) Oh, no. (Rigby drops his soda and Mordecai backs up) Don't do anything you're gonna regret. DON'T DO IT! (Mordecai sniffs the sweater and all the memories of Mordecai and Margaret together are shown.) Dude, no! What do you think you're doing?!

Mordecai: Margaret's sweater. She left it here for me to find. I have to give it back to her.

Rigby: No, you don't! She probably has tons of these things, chicks love holding clothes, it's a fact. Besides, it's not even that cold out.

Mordecai: Yeah, but what if it's her favorite sweater?

Rigby: Come on, if she really liked it, she wouldn't have left it.

Mordecai: No, dude, I gotta give it back to her.

Rigby: I don't know. I don't think that's such a good idea.

Mordecai: I'll just mail it.

Rigby: Uh... I guess mailing its okay.

(Rigby hands the sweater back to Mordecai)

Mordecai: Yeah, it's gonna be fine. (The next scene shows Rigby playing video games and Mordecai is writing a letter) Dear Margaret, Hmm-hmm-hmm. Ugh! No. Ugh! (Mordecai rips off the sheet of paper, crumbles it and throws right at Rigby) Hm, oh! I found your sweater, and it still smells like you, even though I washed it. Ugh! Weird, weird. This isn't working. It would be easier if I just give it to her by myself.

Rigby: Dude, you want to go see her? You just got over her. If you see her now, you'll just be (in a dull voice) depressed Mordecai again. (in normal voice) That guy's lame. That guy's the worst.

Mordecai: Hey, I'm just giving her back the sweater.

Rigby: It's a bad idea, dude.

Mordecai: I'm fine.

Rigby: Fine! You can't even write her a stupid letter, how is seeing her going to be better?

Mordecai: Whatever man, I'm just not good at writing letters. Don't worry about it. (Mordecai leaves, then Rigby puts the sweater in a box and writes on it, but then Mordecai comes back) What are you doing? (Rigby runs off with the box) Dude! (Mordecai chases after him and Rigby puts the box in the mailbox) Wait!

Rigby: Hmm-hmm!

Mordecai: I can't believe you did that. I would've mailed it.

Rigby: Sure you would've.

(Knock on the door and the postman at the door.)

Postman: If I can't read it, I can't send it.

(The box is shown to have scribbles on it)

Rigby: Come on, that's perfectly clear. (The postman gives the box) Aw, man. Hey, where you goin'?

Mordecai: I'm just going to re-address this to the post office.

Rigby: Wait, so you're just going to take this to the post office? Yourself?

Mordecai: Mm-hm.

Rigby: For real?

Mordecai: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. (Rigby looks at him suspiciously) Yeah, mm-hm, yeah. (They walk up to Muscle Man) Hey Muscle Man, can I borrow your car? I got something I gotta take care of.

Muscle Man: Geez, at this rate, you might as well buy it if you keep borrowing it so much. (He takes a bite out of his chicken leg)

Mordecai: It'll be real quick. Come on.

Muscle Man: Fine. But make sure you take your laundry out of it this time, bro. Unlike some people, I like keeping my things nice. (He wipes off grease on his chest and throws Mordecai his car keys)

Mordecai: Thanks. (He gets inside the car, along with Rigby) What are you doing?

Rigby: What? I just thought you might want some company to the post office. It can get pretty boring, you know, at the post office.

Mordecai: Uh yeah, yep.

(They drive around and Rigby keeps suspiciously looking at Mordecai, but Mordecai passses the post office)

Rigby: Dude, you just passed it!

Mordecai: I'm looking for parking.

(Short pause)

Rigby: We're going to her college, are we?

Mordecai: Yes.

Rigby: You're gonna drive twenty hours to return a sweater?! She probably doesn't know it's missing.

Mordecai: Look, it's her sweater. She should have it back.

Rigby: The sweater doesn't even matter, you're just making excuses.

Mordecai: What? No.

Rigby: Oh yeah. Then I guess it doesn't matter if I do this.

(Rigby opens a window and throws the sweater out the window and Mordecai gets surprised by this and tries to turn back but a car is in his way)

Mordecai: Why did you do that?! What's your problem, man?

Rigby: I'm not the one with the problem. That sweater is messing with your head.

Mordecai: What are you talking about?

Rigby: Just forget it. That sweater's gone, and it's never coming back.

(Then a cop comes by and pulls over Mordecai and Rigby)

Cop: You boys should really be more careful. I've seen too many good clothes lost in this highway, and this is one quality sweater. It's at least 50 percent cashmere. Plus, it smells really good. I'm glad I got a hold of it before it was too late. Here you go, sir. Take good care of this beauty. (He drives away)

Rigby: Ugh!

Mordecai: Dude, I have to give this sweater to her now. This is a sign.

Rigby: This is dumb! You can't drive twenty hours straight by yourself.

Mordecai: Well I'm going too. Because it's fate. (He puts the sweater in the back seat)

Rigby: Ugh! (It shows a montage of them driving on the road with Rigby starting to fall asleep and Mordecai drinking lots of coffee. Then at night, Rigby is seen sleeping and Mordecai looking messed up and tired. Then the next morning, Mordecai starts to fall asleep and starts to be far off the road. Rigby wakes up and notices) Whoa! Dude, dude, the road! (Mordecai wakes up and gets back on the road) Dude, what the heck? Have you been driving all night? You look awful.

Mordecai: It's fine, it's fine. I just gotta give Margaret back the sweater. Almost there.

Rigby: (furious) Fine? Fine?! Not fine. (rapping) Not fine, not fine. You've been driving all this time, your eyes, they must be blind.

Mordecai: (annoyed) Cut it out.

Rigby: (still rapping) Not fine, not fine. How can you say you're fine? Thinking bout the sweater, gotta pull yourself together. This plan would only hurt, you can never make it work!

Mordecai: (irritated) Rigby! Quit it!

Rigby: (still rapping) Not fine, not fine. You're anything but fine. Ditch that stupid sweater, you should be moving on! The past is in the past, you and Margaret said so long!

Mordecai: (finally loses it and elbows Rigby) I said cut it out! Why are so against me giving Margaret her sweater back?

Rigby: 'Cause it's not about the sweater, and you know it. You gotta forget about Margaret.

Mordecai: Dude, Margaret's important to me. I can't just forget her.

Rigby: Okay, okay. You don't have to forget her, but you have to get over her for real. Staying like this is messed up, and is messing you up. I want my friend back.

Mordecai: Well, if you were a real friend, you would understand.

Rigby: I am your friend. (sternly) You'd realize it if you weren't such a sad sack chump!

Mordecai: (enraged) That's it!

(Enraged that Rigby called him "sad sack chump", Mordecai stops the car and pushes Rigby out of the car and drives away)

Rigby: (dismayed) Ah, man!

(Rigby sighs and starts running after him)

Mordecai: Stupid Rigby. Why can't he just back me up? I'm just trying to get her sweater back. Right?

(Suddenly, Margaret's sweater comes to life and reveals a red aura that looks just like Margaret)

Margaret's Sweater: Of course. Of course you are, Mordecai.

Mordecai: Huh?

Margaret's Sweater: You're just trying to do the right thing. I understand completely.

Mordecai: Ah. I knew you would. But why can't Rigby? I know he means well. Maybe I shouldn't have kicked them out. I should go back and get him. If you talked to him, he'll understand.

Margaret's Sweater: Now, now. There's no need for that. The sweater's the only thing that matters. Forget Rigby.

Mordecai: Forget Rigby?

Margaret's Sweater: He'll never understand. He'll only get in the way.

Mordecai: But...

Margaret's Sweater: The sooner you give Margaret the sweater, the sooner she'll quit school and be with you. The two of you will be happy forever.

Mordecai: That's not true. Margaret worked really hard to get to school. She wouldn't just quit.

Margaret's Sweater: FOOL! (She wraps around her arm to Mordecai's arm)

Mordecai: What are you doing?!

Margaret's Sweater: What needs to be done. She has to have her sweater back, Mordecai.

(Mordecai struggles to turn around but the sweater prevents)

Mordecai: Ahh! Get off of me! (The sweater hisses at him and wraps her arm around Mordecai's leg and starts to speed up) You can't make me do this. (He pulls the stick but the sweater pushes him back)

Margaret's Sweater: Return the sweater! You can't fight it! Just think how happy she'll be. How happy you'll be.

Mordecai: No! Rigby was right, I shouldn't be doing this. I need to get over Margaret!

College Guy 1: Yeah! Vegans need to eat, too.

(They head straight to Milton University and they almost run into everybody)

College Guy 2: Uh, so I guess Williams Hall would be over here?

(Mordecai almost runs into the guy and crashes into the statue then he notices all the laundry in the front)

Mordecai: What the...?

College Guy 3: WHOOOO! Hope you came to college so you can learn how to drive.

Margaret: (off-screen) Yeah, are you guys excited for that guest speaker tomorrow?

Mordecai: Margaret?

College Guy 4: Oh, definitely.

College Girl: For sure.

Margaret: Yeah, it's just so cool that we get to access that kind of experience here, you know?

College Guy 4: Yeah, you won't find that everywhere.

(Mordecai tries to walk up to her, but he stops for a moment.)

Margaret: I wrote down some questions to ask after the lecture.

College Guy 4: Yeah, we'll see, if you don't chicken out this time.

Margaret: Oh, come on. One time that happened. (Mordecai stands there watching Margaret and he throws the sweater in the trash can. Margaret notices something and moves her gaze to the trash can, but Mordecai was no longer there.) So you guys want to head over to the quad?

(Rigby comes back and is completely exhausted and out of breath.)

Rigby: D...don't....Morde...cai....don't... swea....sweater....stop.

Mordecai: Don't worry, dude. I didn't give it to her.

Rigby: Ah.

Mordecai: You were right to try and stop me.

Rigby: Yeah, I know.

Mordecai: Sorry for kicking you out of the car.

Rigby: It's okay. Sorry for calling you a sad sack chump.

Mordecai: No, Depressed Mordecai is a chump. Let's go home. Do you think Muscle Man will notice we messed up his car?

Rigby: Nah, it pretty much looks the same.

(The statue crashes down Muscle Man's car)

(The End)

