(Episode begins at Space Tree Station. Mordecai, Rigby, Toothpick Sally, Chance Sureshot and Recap Robot are having lunch at the Food Court. Sureshot sips his coffee and sighs.)

Chance Sureshot: That's darn fine coffee.

Mordecai: It better be. You had like 12 cups.

Chance Sureshot: Only thing that keeps me steady.

(He lifts his hand in a straight pose. Mordecai and Rigby are weirded out.)

Toothpick Sally: You don't wanna see him without it.

Chance Sureshot: Great lunch, guys. This one's on me. You've been training hard out there. You earned it. Oh waiter!

Robot: Food courts do not have waiters.

Chance Sureshot: (chuckles) Yes. Of course. Go ahead and put all this on the company tab.

Robot: Payment is due in full immediately.

Chance Sureshot: Uh... (chuckles) Ow! Okay. Sure. I'll just get the company to reimburse me later. Oh, no... I-I don't have my wallet.

Robot: No wallet.

(The robot puts Sureshot in a force field. Sureshot screams.)

Chance Sureshot: Hey. Come on! Uh, can anyone else cover lunch today so I can get out of this force field?

(Mordecai, Rigby, Sally and Recap all decline. Sureshot groans.)

Chance Sureshot: Alright. My wallet's gotta be somewhere. Let's see...Last night...I definately had it at the space club 'cause I bought the first round of wings. Then I bought the last round of wings. And then...

(He gasps.)

Rigby: What?

Chance Sureshot: I left my wallet back on Mantis Planet. Can you guys go get it for me?

Mordecai: I don't know...It sounds like a planet full of mantises...

Toothpick Sally: Oh, it is.

Chance Sureshot: They're cool, though! I swear! It'll be super easy! Just in and out! Think of it as one of your training exercises.

Toothpick Sally: Ugh. Let's go get his wallet.

Rigby: Can we drive?

Toothpick Sally: Why not?

(She, Mordecai and Rigby leaves the food court. Recap follows them.)

Recap Robot: Oh, fun! Manti love robots!

(Later, in outer space, Mordecai, Rigby, Sally and Recap are heading to Mantis Planet in a space cart.)

Toothpick Sally: We're getting close. Are you forgetting something?

Recap Robot: Oh! Correct!

(He gets out a fake beard and puts it on.)

Rigby: Hey, what's with the beard?

Recap Robot: Oh, this? It is a disguise. I need the manti to believe I'm a human being.

Rigby: Why? I thought you said they love robots.

Recap Robot: They do! In their horror movies! Outside of that, manti actually find robots extremely repulsive.

Mordecai: So...you coming with us isn't going to be a problem, is it?

Recap Robot: I'm quite sure I'll go undetected with this beard. And this baseball cap.

(He puts on a baseball cap that has the words 'I HEART EMOTION' on it. Rigby and Mordecai looks at Sally. Sally grunts.)

Toothpick Sally: As long as we respect all their customs, we'll be fine. Take a left here!

(The cart lands on Mantis Planet. Recap gets out a clipboard.)

Recap Robot: Before we disembark, there are a few cultural rules we should...

Rigby: Cool! Bugs with guns!

(Three mantises wearing uniforms and carrying guns runs towards the quartet.)

Mantis: We have been commanded to escort you to the Great Mountain Throne Room. By decree of the king of Mantalantis.

Mordecai: Woah. The king wants to see us?

Rigby: Are we in trouble or somethin'?

Mantis: Huh? Trou...No! No, no. The king just likes to meet anyone who travels to Mantalantis. Come along, then.

(Mordecai, Rigby and Sally all head into the mountain. Recap follows them, but is then stopped by the mantis.)

Mantis: You're not a robot, are you? I'm...uh...getting kind of a vibe here.

Recap Robot: No, sir. If I were a robot, how could I grow this cool human beard?

Mantis: Hmm...It is a pretty sweet beard. Good coverage, too. Whenever I try it, it's just like...It doesn't really grow on the sides! Of course, it's like a jungle in my thorax, but isn't that always the way?

Recap Robot: I hear that!

Mordecai and Rigby: Mantis King! Mantis King! Mantis King!

(Mordecai, Rigby, Sally and Recap encounter the Mantis King, who is making weird noises.)

Mantis King: *Weird noises*

Rigby: What's he saying?

Mantis King: *Weird noises*

Mordecai: So...do you, like, have a translator or?...

Mantis King: *Weird noises*

Mordecai and Rigby: Uh...

(Eventually, the Mantis King spits out what looked like gum before wrapping it in paper and throwing it onto the ground, allowing his pet to eat it.)

Mantis King: Pardon my gum-chewing. I just wanted to freshen up before meeting you.

Rigby: Well...uh...we're here about a wallet.

Mordecai: Our friend Sureshot said he was partying here last night, thinks he left it behind.

Mantis King: Sureshot...Yes! Our lost and found box could contain any item lost or found!

(Two mantises arrives with a box that says, 'Lost and Found.')

Mordecai: Oh, cool! That's just like what we have at the park!

Rigby: I guess we're more alike than we think.

(The Mantis King laughs.)

Mantis King: Yes! I suppose we are.

(The two mantises with the box bought it to the heroes and opened it up, revealing Sureshot's wallet as one of the many things inside it.)

Rigby: There it is!

Mordecai: Sureshot was right. This was easy.

(He proceeds to grab it, but the box closes.)

Mordecai: Um...

Mantis King: But before outsiders can access our lost and found, it is our custom for them to join us at the royal feast!

Rigby: Oh! We wouldn't want to go against your 'customs.'

Mordecai: Yeah. We can have a little bite.

Mantis King: Let the feast begin!

(The heroes later all gathered in the dining room ready to eat with the mantises. A waiter removes the cover off Rigby's plate, revealing a bunch of bugs.)

Rigby: What?

(Goop containing flies is then poured into his cup.)

Rigby: No! You guys! This food!

Mordecai: We can't eat this!

Toothpick Sally: You drink down whatever they feed us until we get that wallet! That's an order! Our host is watching!

