Benson: (almost falls) Woah!

HFG: Careful there, Benson. You don't want to break your other foot too.

Benson: (monotone) No, Fives, I certainly don't.

Muscle Man: Don't worry bro. Once we re-pave this basketball court, there won't be a crack in sight.

Benson: Thanks a lot guys. Since you're all working so hard out here, I wanted to treat you to sandwiches from Sandwicci's.

Muscle Man: Perfect!

Muscle Man: I'll get the number 12.

HFG: Yeah! For me too.

Skips: I'll get the 33.

Benson: Mordecai? Rigby?

Rigby: So we can get any sandwich?

Benson: Of course.

Mordecai: Whatever we want?

Benson: This menu is your playground.

Rigby: We'll have the 46.

Benson: Okay, two number 46's.

Mordecai: Just one. We can share.

Benson: Oh. Okay. One number 46.

Benson: Lunch is served!

Muscle Man: Oh. Awesome.

HFG: I'm starving.

Mordecai: Hey, I don't see our sandwich.

Rigby: Yeah where's number 46?

Benson: Let me get it.

Benson: This sandwich cost me $85.00!

Rigby: But you said we could order any sandwich we wanted.

Benson: I did...I said that. Now listen to me as I say this. If you two don't eat this entire sandwich by the end of the day, YOU'RE FIRED!!!

Mordecai: Pssh. We got this.

Rigby: Yeah, we've been eating to extreme's since before we can talk.

Mordecai: Or, at least since we were twelve. Remember that time with the cereal?

Villian (in the TV): sobbing

Rigby: Here it comes!

RGB2 (in the TV): I hope you've saved room for desert!

Mordecai and Rigby: OOOOOOOOH! Start Laughing

Mordecai: So good.

Rigby: Yeah.

Commercial Announcer: Don't go to sleep yet kids! (Mordecai and Rigby gasp) There's a new sugary cereal on the shelf to finish your day off right! With all the vitamins of a complete breakfast, RGB2io's are the best midnight snack.

Rigby: We need these!

Commercial Announcer: And if you buy now, 1 in 5 boxes have RGB2 toys, saying his catchphrase.

RGB2: I hope you saved room for desert!

Mordecai: We need that.

Mordecai: I just hear cereal.

Rigby: I think this one might just be a touch....not or exactly the same.

Mordecai: The commercial said 1 in 5's a winner, if we get 5 boxes there's gotta be a prize in one of them.

Mordecai: Nothing!

Sherm: (from upstairs) Rigby! You boys better not be awake down there!

Rigby: Were not!

(Rigby hides the cereal boxes under a blanket. Sherm walks in the room)

Sherm: Rigby what is this?

Rigby: What? Nothing.

Sherm: Nothing!? This is nothing? You've been digging for boxes again haven't you!? You know the rules son, don't you dare open a new box of cereal, until you finish this one. (To Mordecai) And since you're a guest in our home Mordecai, that rule goes for you too.

Both: Done!

(Rigby opens a new box.)

Rigby: This is it, this is gonna be it!

(Rigby dumps out the cereal and sees no toy.)

Rigby: Man!

(Rigby throws the box to the trash but misses. They turn and look at Sherm.)

Sherm: Don't look at me, look at your cereal.

(Mordecai and Rigby put the cereal in their bowls and sigh and take a bite. After they finish, Rigby opens another box. There isn't a toy, and they eat the next box)

Mordecai and Rigby: Done. (Rigby opens another box with no toy inside. Mordecai and Rigby collapse on the table. Scene cuts to the hospital, where they are laying in beds. Someone puts a bowl of RGB2io's to Mordecai's nose. He smells it and wakes up, repulsed and gagging from it)

Mordecai: Ugh! (He pushes it away)

Agent 1: Works every time.

Rigby: (wakes up) Huh? What's going on? Why does my skin feel like sausage casing?

Agent 2: Oh that's just what happens when you overdose on RGB2io's. A Lot of people don't realize this, but our cereal is borderline poison.

Mordecai: I thought that commercial said 1 in 5 boxes has a toy.

Agent 1: Yes. You just picked the wrong 5 boxes. Now, sign this waiver so we don't get in trouble (Mordecai pulls out a pen. Rigby does as well, and Agent 2 brings him a waiver)

Agent 2: Oh, and you can just have one of these (Pulls out an RGB2 toy) They're basically garbage.

RGB2 Toy: I hoped you saved room for..des..sert (Dies) (Mordecai and Rigby gag, and the flashback ends, going back to them eating the sub)

Mordecai: Yeah, that was a win.

Rigby: Score 1 for us! (snickers) Dude, remember that time with the huge ice cream sundae? (They laugh)

Mordecai: Or how about that bathtub full of mayonnaise?

Rigby: The mega burrito filled with a full buffet?

Benson: Less giggling, more gobbling!

Mordecai: Whatever. Dude,  we're like halfway done!

Rigby: Nice! Hey, remember that time in college? I think that was around the same time you sat on a brownie in your white jeans.

(flashback)

Mordecai: Make way for the cram master!

Rigby: (snores) Ow! hey!

Mordecai: Dude, I'm gonna order a pizza!

Rigby: Aww yeah! Pizza! What's the occasion?

Mordecai: Tradition, dude! I've got an Art History exam tomorrow. The night before a big test, I always order a Peparelli's pizza.

