(Mordecai and Rigby are inside their room, Benson is lecturing them)

Mordecai: Come on, Benson!

Benson: Your room's a biohazard and quite possibly radioactive.

(He uses a radioactivity meter)

Benson: Nobody's leaving until you two clean this room! Don't even think about sneaking out!

(Benson storms out of the room and slams the door)

Rigby: Dude, but that concert is in 20 minutes!

Mordecai: There's only one way we're gonna sneak out quiet enough to get past Benson.

(Scene cuts to the living room where Benson is watching TV)

Man on TV: We now return to our feature presentation of "Master of the Flying Sword vs The Two Armed Puncher."

Benson: Oh yeah, very realistic.

(Scene cuts to upstairs where Mordecai and Rigby are wearing ninja costumes)

Mordecai: (whispering) Don't make a sound.

(With that being said, the duo stealthily swoosh halfway downstairs to check on Benson, then swoosh back up where they were. They tiptoe down the stairs as Mordecai swooshes his head around to check on Benson again)

Benson: Huh?

(Thinking that he's been compromised, Mordecai swiftly hides his face behind a portrait of Pops as Rigby slides on the rail silently with a cartwheel. He then hides behind the rail and lunges away as Mordecai follows, all the while doing backflips with more swooshing. They head for the door until Rigby stops Mordecai)

Rigby: Psst! Wait a sec.

(Rigby runs back towards Benson)

Mordecai: Rigby!

(Rigby stands behind the couch and throws some punches and chops in thin air while Benson's not looking. Mordecai snickers and runs behind the couch with Rigby before they start reenacting the TV program and mouthing out the lines)

Master of the Flying Sword: I will kill every two-armed man I come across!

Two Armed Puncher: Ha-ha! Ha-ha! Ha-ha! Ha-ha! Ha-ha! Ha-ha! Ha! Ha! Ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha! Your life will end on this, Two Armed Man.

Master of the Flying Sword: Ha-ha-ha! Ha-ha! Ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha! Ha! Ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Ha! Ha-ha! Ha! We fight now!

(Mordecai and Rigby reenact the fight scene)

Two Armed Puncher: Thousand Flaming Fist Technique!

(The fake fight goes on for about five seconds and they stop)

Master of the Flying Sword: You are truly - (coughs) - the Two Armed Puncher. (groans)

(Mordecai gives the signal to leave and they were about to go out the door, until...)

Benson: If your room isn't clean, you're fired.

Rigby: How'd you know we were here?!

(Benson points at the TV)

Benson: Your reflection in the TV.

(Mordecai and Rigby see themselves in the TV's reflection)

Benson:...and all that loud swooshing.

(The duo groan before they look at each other and pull out smoke bombs)

Mordecai and Rigby: Ninja Vanish!

(They throw the smoke bombs to the floor, activating them, and making Benson cough)

Benson: Mordecai and Rigby!!

