(The Short begins with Mordecai and Rigby are setting up a catapult in the Park.)

Mordecai: We only get one shot at this, so let's make it count. You ready to make history?

Rigby: Hmph!

(Rigby chucks a basketball at the cart's accelerator. The cart has a basketball hoop on the back, it drives off, as Rigby runs to put the basketball in the catapult. Both of them pull the catapult back)

Mordecai: Hold it...now!

(They release the basketball from the catapult as it flies through the air. The cart crashes into a tree and catches fire, but they manage to make the shot anyway. Mordecai and Rigby stare at it for a moment, before giving one massive...)

Mordecai & Rigby: OOOHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!

(They don't stop shouting "oh" for a long time, and continue to say it while going to multiple places. They pass Skips in the living room, leave the Park, shout passed Mount Rushmore, onto an airplane, inside of the airplane, passed a farmer on Ireland's Rock of Cashel, the Eiffel Tower in France, Brandenburg Gate in Germany, Sumo Tournament in Japan, the Amazon Rainforest in Brazil, some huts in Papua New Guinea, the Sydney Opera House in Australia, the Gyeongbokgung Palace in South Korea, and the Great Wall of China. Cut to a funeral service)

Vicar: We are here to mourn the passing of Mordecai and Rigby, who said "oh" until they died of exhaustion. No-one knows why they said it for so long. Some say it was because they were just really cool, others say it was because they sank the sickest shot in history, we may never know. All we know is that they're definitely dead. In conclusion - 

(Mordecai and Rigby suddenly jump out of their coffins)

Mordecai & Rigby: OOOHHHHHH!!!!!

(they continue to shout this in a cable car going up the Matterhorn, the Canadian Rockies, Antarctica, and finally back in the Park. They high five eachother and laugh. Benson walks up to them)

Benson: Hey, you two. Have you seen the cart anywhere? It's been missing since this morning.

Mordecai & Rigby: Uhh, no.

(End of OOOHH!!!)

