(The episode begins at the hospital. Rigby is lying dead on a stretcher, and Mordecai, Pops, Skips and Benson are standing around him.)

Doctor: [shuts Rigby's eyes and pulls sheet over him] I'm sorry. There was nothing we could do.

(Mordecai, Pops and Benson bow their heads. Mordecai looks at Skips.)

Mordecai: (spitefully) You couldn't let it go. Well, I hope you got what you wanted.

(They all leave, while Skips looks after Rigby. Flashback begins at McHooligan's.)

Benson: Hey. Let me tell you guys something. This guy, this guy right here is so strong. He could take any one of you out in arm wrestling.

Skips: Nah nah. (laughs modestly)

Benson: Skips, Skips. I am your boss, and as your boss, I order you to arm wrestle me.

(Everyone chants 'Skips')

Skips: Alright, alright, if you insist. (slams Benson's arm)

Everyone: OHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

Benson: What did I tell you, what did I tell you?

Pops: Oh, oh, me, me!

(Skips slams Pops' arm. Pops giggles)

Mordecai: Set 'em up Skips, you can't take none of this. Yeah, yeah yeah yeah!

(Skips slams Mordecai's arm)

Mordecai: OHHHHHHHHHHHHH!

(Everyone chants as Skips slams Hi Five Ghost. Skips slams Muscle Man. Everyone chants 'Skips')

Rigby: Now me.

(Everyone laughs)

Rigby: C'mon Skips, set 'em up.

Skips: Okay, I'll go easy on you. (clasps Rigby's hand)

Benson: This is gonna be hilarious. Okay, ready, go!

(Rigby slams Skips)

Rigby: Haters gonna hate!

(Everyone laughs)

Skips: Enough! We're going again, I wasn't ready.

Rigby: Maybe. Or maybe you're just getting weak in your old age, gramps.

(Skips and Rigby clasp hands)

Benson: Okay, ready, go!

(Everyone chants 'go'. Rigby slams Skips)

Rigby: Yeah, yeah yeah! Who's the strongest now? Two in a row!

(Everyone cheers and leaves. Skips stays behind)

Mordecai: That was awesome, man.

Rigby: It's all in the wrist. And also it's in the muscles.

(Cut to Skips sitting on the front steps. Pops sits next to him)

Pops: Hi, Skips. You sure did a bang up job at arm wrestling yesterday. You were beating everyone.

Skips: I didn't beat Rigby.

Pops: Yes, he's quite the arm wrestler, isn't he?

Skips: I'm not the strongest anymore.

Pops: Balderdash! You are the strongest person I know. You were just having a bad day. You should go up to Rigby and demand a rematch. Then you'll see who the strongest is. [giggles and walks away]

Skips: Thanks, Pops.

[Cut to Mordecai and Rigby inside playing Guitar Dudes Reunion Tour.] 


Mordecai: Here comes the power move! [presses a button on guitar]

Mordecai: [laughs] Dude, this is just like playing real guitar!

Rigby: Check this out! [plays guitar behind his head]

Rigby: No!

Mordecai: Dude, dodge the bottles! Up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right!

Mordecai: Aww, what?

Rigby: Come on!

Skips: Rigby! Me, you, rematch.

Rigby: No.

Skips: I said I want a rematch!

Rigby: I'm busy.

Mordecai: Dude, not cool.

Rigby: Eh. He'll get over it.

[Cut to Skips working out in his room. Benson knocks.]

Skips: Come in.

Benson: Skips? Skips did you break their video game?

Rigby: Yes, yes he did! I already told you!

Benson: I want to hear it from him.

Rigby: Grrrr!

Skips: Yeah.

Benson: What? Wow, uh, I'm sorry Skips, but, you're gonna have to pay for it.

Rigby: Hmm, hmm.

Skips: Oh I'll pay for it. After Rigby gives me a rematch.

Benson: What? That's what this is about?

Skips: You wouldn't understand.

Benson: [scoffs] Yeah, I guess I wouldn't understand.

Rigby: I understand. You just want to lose again. Let's go.

Skips: Set 'em up.

Benson: Ready? Go.

Benson: Make sure you pay him by the end of the week.

Skips: Yeah, I will.

Rigby: What was that? I couldn't understand you. I don't speak second place. Make sure you pay me by the end of the week.

Muscle Man: Aww, yeah! McHooligan's, round two! [slides down banister]

Hi Five Ghost: [goes with Muscle Man] Shotgun!

Benson: [walks down stairs] I hope you guys got your drink tickets 'cause the drinks are on me! Up to a dollar fifty value!

Pops: [walks down stairs] Splendid, I can't wait to get an aguarita!

Rigby: [walks down stairs] I'm gonna get me an ice on the rocks, woo!

Mordecai: Aww, man, my drink ticket!

Benson: Hey, Mordecai, let's hustle!

Mordecai: I'll be back in a sec, guys.

Mordecai: Aww, what, Skips? What are you doing?

Skips: Uh, nothing. Uh, going through Rigby's stuff. Rigby, the strongest. There's gotta be a trick.

Mordecai: Dude, Skips, I can't stand to see you like this. Listen. Don't tell him I told you this, but Rigby's been pranking you.

Skips: What!?

Mordecai: [picks up drink ticket] Two words: "Playco Arm boy". [exits] Look it up.

Father: So, you think you can take on your old man? [slams son and laughs] Easy!

Announcer: How to use Playco Arm boy! First, put on Playco Arm boy, Second, conceal Playco Arm boy, Third, sign our legal Playco Arm boy waver!

Father: Ready for round two, eh?

Father: [yelps] Aww! That really hurt, son...

Other Announcer: A subsidiary of Yoshimoto Cybernetics!

Benson: Hey, Mordecai, what ever happened to Skips?

Mordecai: Uh. He had stuff. To do.

Rigby: Hmm, hmm! Probably resting his old man bones.

Rigby: OHHHHH! Look who's back for thirds!

Benson: Don't do it, Skips.

Rigby: [props arm up] Say goodnight, gramps.

(Things then run in slow-motion Skips pulls out Rigby's Playco Armboy and arm wrestles again. He then grabs Rigby's arm, lifts him and smashes him down the table. The flashback then ends.)

Skips: I'm sorry, Rigby. I'll make it up to you.

Death: [laughs] Well, well, well. If it ain't old Skips.

Skips: Death.

Death: [laughs] You haven't changed a bit. So, what's the occasion here, Skips? Is that your buddy there? Finally killed someone, eh?

Skips: I want him back. Let's arm wrestle for him. If I win, I keep him. If you win, you can take me instead.

Death: Aww, big old Skips finally coming in for some old fashion arm wrestling, eh? 'bout time. You've been dodging me for years. Now I get to beat you and take your immortal soul?

Death: Deal.

[Death and Skips shake hands. A table appears]

Death: I've been waiting for this day. [takes off jacket to reveal an arm as muscular as Skips' and kisses it] Set 'em up.

Skips: Hmm.

Referee: Ready? Go!

Death: [laughs] Your soul is mine! [laughs and almost slams Skips' arm] Any last words, Skips?

Skips: Two words! Playco Armboy!

Death: Huh?

[Bright white beam emerges. Skips slams Death's arm. The room clears]

Death: No! How is this possible?

Skips: Death, I won. Bring Rigby back, and take a hike!

Death: Skips! Mark my words. [get in motorbike] Someday, I will have your immortal soul. [makes a portal in the wall and spits Rigby's soul into Rigby's mouth]

Skips: Listen, Rigby, sorry for, you know, killing you back there. It was unprofessional.

Rigby: Huh? [turns and sees stitches in back] You know what? Water under the bridge. So you ended up cheating death, huh?

Skips: I learned from the best. [lifts up Playco Armboy]

Rigby: Ohhhh!

Skips: Seriously though, you shouldn't cheat. I only did it to save your life.

Rigby: So, everybody thinks I'm dead?

Skips: Yep.

Rigby: Dude! We gotta prank 'em!

Skips: Uh, you know Rigby, I think I've had enough pranks for today.

(End "Over the Top")

