(The short begins with Mordecai and Rigby are playing video games, when suddenly they hear the microwave beeping, because the pizza pouches are ready. They gasp, run to the microwave and open it)

Mordecai and Rigby: Pizza pouches!

(They take the pizza pouches out, but they grunt because of how hot they are)

Mordecai: Pizza pouches in our mouth-es?

Rigby: Aw, yayuh.

(Rigby takes a bite and so does Mordecai. They feel something hard, so Rigby tears the pouch off with his hands, along with Mordecai, only to reveal a cold solid thing. It shines. They spit them out and they land on the floor. Later, Rigby inspects the pizza pouch with a fork)

Rigby: Hmmm... the top is warm, the bottom is soggy, but the inside's frozen solid.

Mordecai: Dude, (circles arms) if we could just figure out a way to cook everything evenly...

Rigby: Yeah, (circles arms) like all the way around, so heat would get into it...

Mordecai: Almost like a... (gasp)

Mordecai and Rigby: Free falling pizza pouch!

(Scene switches to Rigby and Mordecai on a skydiving plane with Jose)

Jose: OK, so what you wanna do is… 

(Plane shakes)

Jose: Jose, keep it steady! (Sees the seat is empty for he is Jose) Oh yeah, I’m Jose. Go go go!

(Mordecai starts the microwave and throws it out)

Mordecai: Down you go, microwave!

(Cable goes down as the microwave goes down)

Mordecai & Rigby: Hmm, hmm! (They jump off) WOAH!

Mordecai: Whoo! (Laughs) Dude, this’ll totally cook them all the way through!

Rigby: I know! This makes so much sense. Here comes the microwave!

Mordecai: (Grabs it) Dude, it’s working! (They chuckle happily then Mordecai checks they’re nearby the ground) Uh, are they done yet?

Rigby: (Checks if they’re done yet) No, not yet!

Mordecai: (Panickly) Uuuuuh… We’re getting really close to the ground.

Rigby (Angrily): They not done yet!!

(Backpack beeps)

Mordecai: Dude, we gotta pull our ‘chutes!

Rigby: 10 MORE SECONDS!

Mordecai (Quickly): Dude, hurry up!!

(Timer hits 0:00)

Rigby: Done!

(The cable cuts as the microwave reaches it’s limit. The duo scream then activate the parachutes. The Microwave then explodes)

Mordecai: Where is it?

Rigby: There.

(After the explosion, the pizza pouches are still in place)

Mordecai & Rigby (Cheering): WOOOOOOOH!! (Takes a bite then screams for it is really hot!)

(End of "Pizza Pouch Drop")

