(The short begins with Benson checking the attendance for the Park employees.) 

Benson: (sighs) Where are Mordecai and Rigby?

(Benson's phone rings)

Benson: Hello?

Mordecai: (sniffs) Benson, Rigby and I are really sick.

Rigby: Yeah. 

(Rigby coughs all over Mordecai)

Mordecai: Aw gross, dude!

Benson: Oh, well there's no way you're coming to work.

Rigby: Oh no, Benson. It's okay, we can still -

(Rigby yacks up over the phone)

Benson: No, no. I insist. You two slide right into bed...

(Benson hangs up. Cut to Mordecai and Rigby, who have a waterslide set up)

Mordecai & Rigby: Sick day!

(Mordecai and Rigby jump onto their waterslide, go up a bump, under a tunnel they made, and around a tree, while laughing)

Mordecai: Any second now, dude!

(A pizza delivery man pulls up next to them)

Pizza Guy: Pre-paid pizza delivery for Mordecai and Rigby?

Rigby: That's us!

(Rigby takes the pizza, and the duo take a slice each)

Mordecai: Dude, this worked out perfectly -

(Unexpectedly, Mordecai and Rigby slide down a hill, and both scream, go through a loop, over some water, and up to some segway riders)

Mordecai: Look out!

(They crash through the riders, and pass an old lady on a mobility scooter, who hits them with her handbag)

Lady: Get away from me, you gabriens! 

(They enter a farm, go through a chicken coop, and then a horse coop, before sliding into the city. A thief can be seen running off with a woman's handbag)

Woman: Stop, thief!

(Mordecai and Rigby knock the thief over and catch the handbag, and pass it back to the woman he stole it from)

Woman: Thank you so much!

(The mayor runs passed them with a giant key)

Mayor: Good jobs, boys! I'm the mayor! Here's the key to the city!

(Mordecai holds the key, but the slide brings them into a modern art gallery. They enter a sculpture garden, go through a billboard, and into a candy factory, they then go straight back into the Park, but break through a water tower, which then collapses, flooding the waterslide all the way back to the House.)

Benson: A-ha! I saw you setting up that slide three weeks ago, so I changed it last night! Still wanna call this a sick day?

(Mordecai and Rigby groan)

Mordecai & Rigby: Totally.

(The duo high five, ending the short "Sick Day".)

